Turn the car around. Okay?You, Lakdhawala?Chunawala.Right code word.It is very difficultto conduct business with you.I have been trying to supply goodsto you for the past six months.Before doing business,we inquire about the personas well as the goods.Show me the goods.The goods are on the way.You show me the currency.The currency is also on the way.


Good. That fat guy is speakingexactly like the smugglers.They don't know thatwe are police officers.The plan is successful.I shall inform Sir.The quality is very good.Why haven't yourgoods arrived yet?It's already here.Look over there. Above you.I really enjoyeddoing business with you.Vijay, open the bonnet.Hurry up! Hurry up!Hurry up! Open it. What happened?He will not be ableto open the bonnet.There are handcuffs on his hands.Put your guns downand put your hands up!Don't move, inspector.


If we die, then we shalltake you along with us.Well, I am not fond of living either.Let's make the finaljourney along with you.If you were to show me your facesthen it would beeasier to recognize each otheron our way to hell.After all, we all have togo to the same place. Right?Sir, Anil, Vijay and Majit.They have killed everyone.They are all dead, sir.Hey, rascals! Allow meto pick up the pistol at least.He is cheating.You scum!Now I shall teach them a lesson.Who teaches these imbeciles?-You are okay, right?-I am fine.They have all run away.If I had gotten a hold of themthen I would have killed them.Ambulance. Hospital!Hospital! Let's go.The minister is here.Hurry up! Come.Welcome, sir. Welcome to the bank.Come, Mr. Ragunath.-Let's go.-Please sir.In this bank,not only famous rich bureaucratsdeposit their money,but the jewelry and the moneyof the famous Goddess templeis also deposited over here.The public has deposited up to fouror five crore rupees in our bank.Safe and secure.-Oh! I see.-Please. Come this way.These are the bank vaults.There are cameras on every corner.Every person who comes inor goes out, his photo is clicked.This is the control panelthat prepares a special type ofred-colored ultrasonic rays.Without turning off this system,trying to cross it means death.Hey! It has vanished.Hey! This is a very dangerousarrangement, Khanna.Don't worry. I will switch it off.-Hey! This is amazing, minister sir.-Yes, come.And in all this computerizedsecurity systemthere are fourspecialized people.Until all four of them don'tenter their computer codesone after the other,the vault doesn't open until then.Wow!This is a very fabulous thing.But Khanna, tell me something.I am not well educated,but I know at least this much,that if one of the four men falls sick,what happens then?Then I am there, right?I have everybody's computer codes.-Really?-Yes.Raghunath, you are oneof Khanna's closest friends.Are you seeing all thesearrangements for the first time?-Yes.-This is all confidential, sir.The friendship is in its placeand the duty is in its place.Very good.You may leave.Khanna...This box contains the money,which I had spoken to you about.500 crores.And Minister sir wishes to keepall this money hereuntil the next election.I have understood, sir.You don't worry at all.Your money and your wordsare with me. Safe and secure.Come, my darling. Come.-Raghu darling.-Darling!No. You are very desperate.Let me breathe at least.It has been three monthssince I have known you.Since then I have been breathing.You did not allow meto do anything until today.-At least let me kiss you once today.-No. No.Let us speak about work.Whatever I had said, hasproved to be the truth, right?The meaning of crossingthe security systemof the bank is death.I am not well educated,but I know at least this much...that I have contactswith such brilliant people.who will wipe out allthe money from Laxmi bank.-And they won't even leave any evidence.-Yes.Who are they?General Raghuvansh.Colonel Biswas. Commander Mushtaq.They have all retiredbut they are very active.Who could guess thatthese three terroristsare also respectedcitizens of this society?You have praised us a lot, minister.Tell me why you are here?I am not well educated,but I know at least this much...that you will beamazed to hear about it.We have to steal the Laxmi bank.-What?-Is it a joke to steal from Laxmi bank?Hey! I know it.I know it very well.That is why, I have cometo the masters. Right, Sheela?Yes. Chairman Jagdish Khanna.The person who isthe key to that bankhe is a lover,trapped in my plan.If you are interested, thenI shall explain the scheme further.But I have to tell youthat if there are five playersthen there will be five shares.We will be out in the action.What if one of us gets killed?Then there will be fourplayers and four shares.I agree. Tell me.Great!On the 26th, there is asilver jubilee function of the Laxmi bank.After the function,Khanna will leave for abroad.The night when he leaveswe will do our work on.Where and how? I will tellyou when the correct time comes.What are you thinking about?I can't help but wonder,if these three guyscan be trusted to keep their word.Hey! Why are you afraid,my darling?I would not spare my own childfor so much money.And these are just our associates.And we are betrayersby birth and caste.Sir, whose house is this?Lock the car and leave.Sir, what will I do after going home?My wife is not at home.I will do my duty.I will earn some money.There is no need.Give me the keys.Leave.It is the bank's money.If I had earned someovertime what would he lose?Let me see,who does he come to meet?-Sheela darling.-Hello darling!I am over here.The inquiry hasstarted in the bank.I am sick and tired ofanswering their questions all day.Relax, darling.I will make your stress disappear.Oh! So this is the matter.Darling, I am making a drink.-You come upstairs.-I will come, dear.Bring the drink over here only.Give me a massage.Now it will be real fun.No! No!No!No! No!No!No!No!No!No!Laxmi bank musical competition.The prize money is one lakh rupees.The forms are availablefrom nine o'clock in the morning.The closing dateis 20th November.-Let's go. Let's go.-Are you crazy?Every struggling actor, singerand dancer will be there.We will not besuccessful over there.We will take at least two orfour days in the line to get the form.And we will take another eightto ten days to submit the form.Yes. But why shouldwe bother about all this?He will think about all this.Our master, Ilu the Elvis.Jai Kumar.-Hey! Hurry up!-Don't worry. Have patience.Ilu, the meaning of standingin the line and submitting the formwill take you Monday,Tuesday and Wednesday.Which means that halfthe week is already over.After that, selections, rehearsals,reviews, previews, competition.In all, it is a matterof many months, my dear.Forget about one lakh rupees.Don't worry, child.Ilu means Elvis, the King.Witness my power.And my style.What nonsense?They are such imbeciles.-What happened?-What happened?They told me that theywill give me the formbut they will take somethingin return.What will they take?You rascal!Don't you understand anything?What people? We should throwthem all in the gutter.What happened?They are asking for ten thousandrupees along with a form.-Ten thousand!-Such a large amount?This is manipulation...Do you meanblack money is in circulation?Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!Come on, let's run away from here.-Come on, let's move from here.-Come on. Come on.Let's go. Let's go.-Come on. Come on.-Come on. Come on.What happened?Where are you all going?-Why me?-Get lost.Why are you hitting me?Did you see the miracle of Ilu,the great?Excuse me.I want to submit the form.-Sorry. Lunchtime.-But it is only eleven o'clock now.But these are the timingsthat our bank follows.Madam, there is only one form.Please take it, please.Okay.-Yes!-Has she taken it?Where are yourten thousand rupees?-Ten thousand!-Yes. Yes. Ten thousand rupees.Don't you have it?Then come back tomorrow. Okay?Hey! But madam...-Master Ilu, the miracle has failed.-Ten thousand rupees in the bank!Lunchtime!Yes, who are you?What's your problem?Sir, a stupid man who lookedlike a music directorwas screaming for no reason.He was saying,"What do these people think?""That they can buy art with money?"They will give 10,000 rupeesand earn lakhs of rupees.I will not only teach hima lesson, but also remind himabout his background.Sir, first submit my form, please.What is the matter? What happened?Where are you all going?What else, idiot? You haveclosed the counter at eleven o'clock.And on top of that,you are committing fraud. Get lost!This is false. This is wrong.Believe me.This is the enemy's plan to turnour big-show into a flop-show.Did you understandanything, Bhalu?There is somebody whois smarter than us.Sir. He...-Come on, guys.-Yes, let's go. Let's go.Sir, that is the person whowas talking about buying art.The person who hasdisturbed our program.Sir, please make him leave.Please sir. Please.Hey! Hey! Hey! What is thisentire nuisance, unnecessarily?Tell me. Tell me.Why don't you say something?-Why don't you say?-Shut up! Shut up! Shut up!Now submit my formwithout any further ado,Or else, for deceiving us and--He is calling youa fraud and a deceiver.You say that I am a fraud?I am a deceiver?Yes! And this girlis also involved with you.Hey! You imbecile!Now I will teach you a lesson.-Police!-Who called out to us?I keep on calling outto you every day.You never pay attention to me.And you listen to everybodywho passes by on the roads.Madam, we are nothusband and wife now.Concentrate on your duty.-Oh! Fine.-Let's go.Okay.Brother. Sister-in-law.I am a very cunning girl.Now watch how I trap youin your own plan and kill you.What is the matter? Whatis the matter? What is the matter?This stupid goon is tryingto molest me. Manager sir.He called me a fraud, unnecessarily.He called me a cheat.Then you must bea fraud and a cheat.Whatever he says is right.Do you know who he is?He is our inspectorShankar Verma's brother.Give me your form.I shall fill it myself.Take this.Miss Cunning woman,now I shall get into your house.Bloody fool!Murli. Murli.Hey Murli, where have you been?It is time for Shankarto come home.-Quickly serve the food.-Song?If I knew how to sing a songthen wouldn't I have joinedthe film industry?You joke very well.-Hello.-Hello.I am commissioner Rawat speaking.-Greetings, brother!-Greetings, sister!I have called you up,because right now,your younger son Jai,is in police custody.-Jai! What are you saying?-I am absolutely right.-Your younger son has robbed.-Robbed!No. No. My Jai cannot do this.-Oh my God!-And it is not an ordinary theft.He has robbed a jewelry store.-He says that Jai has robbed a place.-What?-Just see.-Hello.Stealing, killing people. Hehas not only betrayed the police.-He has tried to fool them.-What happened?And I am afraid sister,that I cannothelp you at all in this matter.Nobody can do anything.Your son Shankar--Just a second.Brother Shankar, actually...I will not spare you today.-You keep fooling around all the time.-No! Mother, save me!You cause trouble evenwhen you're not in jail.We should really hit himthoroughly. He is very naughty!-He lies!-Hit him! Hit him!No. No. Brother, no.It is enough! Sorry. Sorry. Sorry.-Please forgive me.-Let go of me. Let go of me.Hey! What is this, brother?You always reveal my secrets.-Shut up!-Child,I have served food.Come and have food.Let's go eat.Fooling around all the time.I have brought the IPS form.Fill it up.And make the arrangementsfor the examination.This means thatI too should becomea government servant like you.No brother.If I become something,then I will become amillionaire or a billionaire.Nowadays, there is no value of aperson who owns lakhs of rupees.Is this the way to earn money?If you help permitsomeone's licensethen you earn a commission.You will clear outsomebody's house andyou will earnmoney for a fortnight.Hey! Have you ever thoughtabout whose son you are?Whose grandson you are?There is so muchrespect for our family.I love our family reputationjust as much as you do.But this respect cannot helpus paint the walls of this house.All these medals that youhave won, all of them together...cannot repair the wreckedceiling of our house.Just look into yourheart and try to remember...that due to thelack of money...your love, your Shashileft you and went away forever.Shankar has done everything for thishousehold. For you. For that Shashi.He wanted to make Shashithe daughter-in-law of this house.She broke my son'sheart and left.And you...Go and apologize to your brother.Brother.I am sorry.Please forgive me.If you find a person,with a face similar to the facesin these photographsin any form, anywherethen arrest them immediately.Yes.You don't worry, sir.To get a hold of these peopleis pretty simple for me.It is pretty simple for her.-May I come in, sir?-Yes. Please come.I am the chairman of Laxmi bank,Jagdish Khanna.Yes, sit down.What can I do for you?This is my driverRoop Singh's wife.Greetings!Last Saturday,after ten o'clock in the nightthe driver did hisduty and went away.He has been missing since then.Can you please help us.Take her statement and file a report.-Yes. Please come.-We will inform you...as soon as we have any information.Thank you. I will be obliged.This poor woman has young kids.She is very worried.-We will do our best.-Thank you.Welcome friends!I welcome you all to the first roundof Laxmi bank musical competition.As you all know that amongthe twenty-five semifinaliststwo final teamswill be selected.Which two teams willenter the finals...this decision will betaken by our judge Mr. Mulchandwho himself isa very famous singer.Get aside, you fatty!Come on, girls.Master. Master, I haveseen her rehearsals.She is truly creating magic.I merely hope that she doesn'tblow up our fuse.Before our fuse canbe switched off...we will have toshort-circuit them.Judge Mulchand!-Come, sir. Come.-Welcome, sir. Welcome!-I am the manager over here and he...-Thank you. Thank you.Where is this hall?Come sir, come.-The hall is over there.-Really?-Please come.-Is the hall over there?Please come, sir. Please come.Sir, actually in orderto participate in the finalsall the groupsare getting ready.-Who is getting ready?-The groups, sir.-You take some rest until then.-Hey! I keep on resting.Along with that, there is an arrangement for eatables too.Really!Fried veggies. Sweets. Ice-creams.And many other things.So if I have to go somewherethen where should I go?Over here.Hey! What is this?-Toilet!-Open the door!Come, Mr. Mulchand.-Fried veggies!-Cottage cheese rolls!Sweets!I am so hungry.Come. Come.Come on, let's go.Stop it!What are you doing, damsel!Excellent face. Excellent figure.-But...-But? But what?But it is impossible for youto win the dance competition, my dear.Why sir? Am I not dancing well?You dance very well.You dance very well.But not of the MTV standard.But don't worry, baby.I will teach you.You don't have to think.You have to learn.You don't have tolose but you have to win.And I will do it becauseI have liked you.Tomorrow you come tomy Hi-Fi dance classes.Thank you, sir. I shallnever forget this favor all my life.Not at all. Amazing!Where are your classes, sir?Fantasy open-air theatre.4:00 in the evening.One, two, three, four.One, two, three, four.One, two, three, four.One, two, three, four.-Stop! Mangesh, idiot!-Sorry sir.How many times haveI told you that nothing-will happen-Sorry sir. I made a mistake.if you merely movelike a pendulum?-Please forgive me.-Get out, Mangesh.-Greetings sir!-Who are you?Hey! How did you dareto come to my classeswithout my permission?Hey! How did you dare togreet me without my permission?Sir, I was here for thatcompetition.Competition?-Yes.-With me?Hey! There is no competitionfor me in this entire world.-Get out!-Boys, get back to work.Sir, I had come to learn it, sir.Sir, you told me that you wouldteach me how to dance.Oh! Amrapali!Beautiful girl!She will dance in the competition.And she will win becauseI will make her win.You idiot!Not like this. Do it properly.Which dance forms do you know?Sir, I know all types of dances.Twist, Bhangra, Ramba-samba.Bharatnatyam, Kuchipudi.What about Bhel-puri?Ragda-patties?What, sir?Forget it. Forget everything.Just look at me.Whatever I will do,do that on the stage.And you will win the first prize.You will definitely win.Come on, girls."Twist, Bhangra,Ramba-Samba, Rock and roll""It is very colorful""Then there came a little gap""Nowadays, the latest is rap""The people who doRap in the wrong manner""Rat song""This girl is crazyShe makes different noises""I have brought my ratMy rat, my rat""Hey! I have brought my rat""Where is your cheese""This girl is crazyShe makes different noises""Hey! I have brought my rat""Where is your cheese?""In America,The mouse is known as Mickey""The mouse from LondonCalls him a bonnet""In India,This mouse has a very big name""He is standing upright fromKashmir up till Kanyakumari""He leaves fromDelhi and he reaches Calcutta""He jumps around inBombay and enjoys in Madras""He is asking everybody impatiently""He is asking desperately""He is asking everybody eagerly that""Where has my mouse gone?""This girl is crazyShe makes different noises""This girl is very stylish""In spite of being her lover,She challenges the mouse""She dances anywayShe doesn't know how to dance""A girl of sixteen yearsDoesn't know how to romance""She stares at me sometimes""She gets angry at me sometimes""By taking away my sleep,She takes away my peace""By seeing her face, the public""The public, the public""After seeing her face,The public has gone crazy""This girl is crazyShe makes different noises""I have brought my ratMy rat, my rat""Hey! I have brought my rat""Where is your cheese?""This girl is crazyShe makes different noises"By the time we find these terroristsI would have lost all of my beauty.Oh my God! It is so hot!-What? Are you feeling hot?-Yes.By the time I explain this to you,my intelligence, and my youth willboth fade away.Madam, we are on duty.We are on duty, madam.-Forget about the duty.-Everybody is looking at us.-Everybody is looking at us, madam.-And look at me, Santu.Santu, my dear, look at me.-Santu. Santu, my dear.-Priest. Save me. Priest.-Priest. Priest. Priest. Priest.-Santu!-Priest. Priest. Priest.-May you progress, my child!Kalyan, Karjat or Pune.Anywhere will do.I am sick of doing her duty.Day and night have become one.One night,this Santram will be dead, priest.Why are you pleadingin front of them?You are my husband. Mine.How will he save you?A beard is the only difference I seebetween these criminalsand these priests.Alakh Niranjan!Wow! You have kepta very dashing name.He is Alakh. You are Niranjan.Then who is this third guy?Amritanjan.Insult! It is a verybig insult of the priests.Hey madam!They are priests not Santramthat you are insultingthem so much.Shut up!-What is below the beard?-Hey!What is below the shawl?-Open up your beard.-Insult. Grave insult!I will teach you a lesson,Amritanjan.I will hit you all so badlythat I will teach you alla good lesson. Santram, leave me!You foolish woman!Your body is of a human...but your activitiesare like an animal.Hey! Shut up!Here, this Bhutanandpriest curses you...that you will become a dog.You will become a dog.Alakh Niranjan! Alakh Niranjan! Alakh Niranjan!Alakh Niranjan!Alakh Niranjan!Dear, you were turned into a dog?What did you do, priest?Priest! Priest! Priest! Priest!Pushpi, how many timeshave I told younot to getinvolved in unwanted fights!Now what will happen toyou and what will happen to me?What will we do?How will we survive?Priest!O Lord! Which revengeare you taking from meby convertingmy Pushpi into a dog?Come on, get lost.Now I haveto knead the dough.I have to make the Rotis.And I have to play the flute.What should I do, Lord?What should I do?Come. Come over here. Sit down.I don't even know whetherI should addwater in the flour or flour in the water?Hey! What are you doing?I just asked you.Why are you getting angry?Shouldn't I evenprepare the Roti now?What are you doing?What are you doing?What are you doing?Hey! Now will you knead the dough?How will you roll them?How will you roll them?Give it to me.How will you roll them?Hey Pushpi! What are you doing?Hey Pushpi! If youknead the dough this waythen who will eat these Rotis?Priest, make me a dog too.The dog and the bitchwill together eat Rotis.Enough! Enough!Enough! Why are you barking?I am sorry.Shut up! Shut up! Shut up!Shut up! You alwayskeep on getting bugged.You keep on barkingfor no reason at all.You always get on my nerves.-Shut up!-Come here.-What happened?-Please, Pushpi!If I eat this foodthen do you know thatI will keeppuking for seven days?I will die.Come on, I will not speak to you.You keep on barking for no reason at all.-Hey Santram!-Come. Please come.Why are you talking to this dog likea crazy person?Hey! I am not mad. This is my wife.Is this dog your wife?Pushpa? Where is Pushpa?Hey! I think that Pushpamust have become fed upof his crazinessand ran away somewhere.No! Pushpa has not run away.This is Pushpa.He is lying.He must have killed her for dowry.Yes. Yes.Take him to the police station.-Take him to the police station.-Take him to the police station.-Take him.-Take him.Hey! That's not true.Listen to me.Listen to me.Hey Pushpi! Explain to them.No. No. No. Listen to me at least.Pushpi, before they imprisonme for the crime of your deathwe will have tosearch for that priest.Where will we find him?Where? Priest.Pushpi, come. Come.Come and sit on my lap.Come and sit on my lap.You have given a verygood lesson of my love.You have rubbed flouron your lover's face.Who will make the Roti's, Pushpi?Are you trying to dress up a dog?You will be suspended.Then don't come to me.-What is the problem?-Nothing, sir.I cannot tell you aboutmy problem even if I want to.-Why?-Take this.You want a very long vacation.And that too alongwith your wife.Do you intend to spendanother honeymoon with your wife?Even if I had that intentionI would not be ableto act upon it.The situation is very uncertain.These people have establisheda new world recordby riding on the motorcycle.What is the matter?Your dog is barking a lot.The chief guestof this competitionex-general Raghuvansh Singh,had introduced this gamein India earlier andnamed it star formation.He presented the medalsto the team himself.Ex-general Raghuvansh Singh.The owner of Star club."You, you, you, you""It's you and onlyYou are my life""It's you and only youWho are all my relationships""In every breath, in myEvery heartbeat, you are present""In every breath, in myEvery heartbeat, you are present""If you are not thereThen I don't have anything""It's you and onlyYou are my life""It's you and only youWho are all my relationships""In every breath, in myEvery heartbeat, you are present""In every breath, in myEvery heartbeat, you are present""If you are not thereThen I don't have anything""It's you and onlyYou are my life""You, you, you, you""I know this""I am awareThat you are my savior""You are my Almighty""I know this""I am aware about this""You are my destination""You are only my companion""You are only my destination""You are only my companion""It's you and onlyYou are my life""It's you and only youWho are all my relationships""You, you, you, you""You will not go away by beingAttracted to me in this way""You will not go awayBy belonging to me""I will decorate yourForehead with the stars""I swear by my love, darlingThat I will make you my bride""I swear by my love, darlingThat I will make you my bride""It's you and onlyYou are my life""It's you and only youWho are all my relationships""In every breath, inEvery heartbeat, you are present""In every breath, inEvery heartbeat, you are present""If you are not thereThen I don't have anything""If you are not thereThen I don't have anything"So, did you like it?Yes.Raghuvansh Singh,the partner of this club.Oh! I am inspector Shankar Verma.You're the reason I came here.-Me?-I need some information about star.For a case I am working on.-About this club of mine?-No.About the star formation.A few days ago,there was a motorcycle showthat took place...You were the chief guest.Yes. Yes.Yes. Of course. Ask me. Come.When you were in the army...you used to do this show yourself,didn't you?Of course. I was the first man in Indiato perform these stunts.And you won medals for it.At that time,you had two associates with you.Where are they presently?Inspector sir, I don't knowhow many shows I have performed.How many associates I had...I don't know whomight be where today?Hey Sweety!Come here. Now I have this club.And there is onlyenjoyment everywhere.This is Sweety. The life of my club.I will leave now.Why are you in such a hurry,inspector?This was just an ordinary show.If you wish then shall Iperform a personal show?We do not prefer towatch the personal showsof cheap women like you,who strip off and danceto the sound ofclinging coins.Only a woman can understand this.Not a whore like you.Poor fellow!How would I tell youabout all that I have been through?Here sister. Have some food.The doctors say that ifyour father is not operated upon...-then your father...-No, mother. No.Nothing will happen to father.I will eat it later.Where are you going now?To Shankar?What will that poor guy do?He has done so muchfor us already.And this is not a matterof a thousand or two.I know, mother. But I cando anything for father's life.What will you do?You have already taken up allthe responsibility of this house.You take tuitionsthroughout the day.You don't have timeto eat food or to go to sleep.You have killed youremotions and your desires,you have ruinedyour life for all of us.Father, please. Have some rest.I will arrange the money any way I can.You will not do anything.You will not do anything!You will not do anything.The person whose destinybecomes his enemy,nobody can do anything for him.-Father!-Nothing...These doctors...These doctors lie!When they say an operationcan restore my health.No. No.Before dying,I cannot pressurize you all...with the burden of debt.Stop talking!You need rest.Everything will be all right.Everything will be all right.Let go of the light of hope,Shashi's mother.-Wipe out this vermilion.-No! No!-Father!-Break these bangles.-No.-Father!Your hope will live on as long asyou wear them.-Break them. Break them.-No. No.-What are you saying?-Papa, please.What is wrong with you?Father! Father!Hey Sweety!How are you?Sir, the money that youhad promised me, please give it.-Please sir. Sir, I have to go home.-Yes.Take this. Pick it up.Hey girl!Dance!What?Come on. Dance.-Come on, Sweety. Dance.-Sir, please.-Sir I have to go home.-Dance.-Sir, my mother is waiting for me.-Come on, dance.-Sir, please.-One. Two. Three. Four.-Sir, please. Please.-Dance. I am very rarely in a good mood.Dance. Dance. Dance.-Hey! Come on, dance with me.-No.-Let's dance together.-No.Come on, let's dance together.-Come on. Dance.-No. No.-Let go of me. Let go of me.-Dance with me. Come on.Yeah! Dance with me.Dance with me. Yeah! Come on.Come on, dance with me.Come on, dance with me.When I say dance, you dance.Okay? Okay?Nobody says no to Raghuvansh.-Nobody says no to Raghuvansh.-No. No.Let go of me. Please.I am begging you.-Shut up and dance!-Sir, please let me go.-Help me!-Let's dance. Dance with me.Hey! Hey!Please. I am begging you.Let go of me. No.Help me!Help me!-Have you come home, daughter?-Yes mother.What is the matter?You are very late today.I have brought the money, mother.I have brought the money.This is very good.Now everything will be all right.Yes mother. Now everythingwill be all right.Everything.The meaning is very clear.Naresh's uncle lives in America.And after their marriage,I am thinking aboutgetting both of themsettled there.What do you say, child?But it is very importantto arrange money to paythe expenses of goingto America. Isn't it, brother?Look brother, I don'thave much but...We can arrange for twentyof twenty-five thousand rupees.We will.You are being naive, sister.You don't even get thetickets to go to Americain twenty or twenty-five thousand rupees.I think the entire expensewill be of rupees two lakhs.Right, child?You bring the procession.You will get the moneybefore the nuptial rounds.You will get the money?By doing the road shows.By doing cabaret.I am tired of my middleclass life. Even I want money.I want a good house.I want good clothes.So you will make a jokeout of yourself for that.You will expose your body.If I had become your wifethen what would I get bydoing the household chores?The same amount of twoor four thousand rupees.If I dance in the clubthen I will get it every night.Ten thousand.Twenty-five thousand.I spit on the woman...who sees no difference betweena husband and a wifeand the business ofexposing yourself for money.Shankar.Shashi, why did Shankar leave?What did you tell him?For my needs,Shankar would have soldhis sincerity andhis honesty, mother.And I would have neverbeen able to bear it.And anyway, your daughterwho has been ruineddue to her circumstances,I don't have anythingto give to him. Nothing.-Hello.-Hello. It's me, child.-Yes mother.-The preparations forTina's wedding are complete.Really?Really, mother.This is good news.But my child, the money...Don't worry about the money.I am right here.All the arrangements will be done.You just make thearrangements for the wedding.Everything will be all right.Everything.And then the people who playwith cruelty like a game...will be brought to death's doorby your daughter.I found it!I have found the miraculouspriest's hermitage.Priest. Priest. Priest.-Who is it?-Have mercy on me, Lord.Have mercy on this poor man.Where should I go, Lord?Where should I go?Why are you pleading, child?I don't want to pleadbut I want to meet, priest.Take the curse back, priest.We are husband and wife.What awkward positionhave you put us into?She is an animal.I am a human being.How do we meet halfway, priest?The curse that I have given,it can never be taken back, child.Why can't it be taken back, priest?Is it a sold good thatit cannot be taken back?Goods once soldwill not be returned.No priest. You are the creator.You are the onlysuperstar priest in this world.Lord, please do something.Please do something, Lord. Priest!Please do something.Otherwise I will die withoutbeing dead, my lord.The curse that I had given,I cannot take it back.But, I can reduce its effect.She will have to meditateLord Brahma's prayersfor 40 Mondays.If I am impressedthen I will release her.-Alakh Niranjan.-Alakh Niranjan.-Pushpa! Pushpa!-Santu!-40 Mondays.-Yes. 40 Mondays.Pushpa...-we have played many one-day matches.-Yes.Now we will playthe Monday matches too.Monday ticket.Monday ticket. Monday...Tonight,Khanna will attend the function.And we will kidnaphim from the function.I am not highly educatedbut I know at least this much,that you are a fool.Hey! What do you mean?Have patience!After the function, andbefore boarding the flight...Khanna will definitely cometo meet Sheela darling.Alone.Good. Very good.But I have one condition.That none of youwill kill the chairman.You will have tobring him to me. Alive.I will kill him.This... Forget humans, even the Godswill be unable tounderstand this trick.-Will you kill the chairman?-Yes.But you have roamed aroundhere and there with him.That is not the matter,Raghu darling.Becoming intimate with thechairman was a part of my plan.It was my helplessness.And I have done allthat for your sake.Don't you know that Ihate that chairman so much?What? Hey!What are you saying, darling?Yes. That chairman is a bastard.He tried to... He tried to...What did he try to do with you?No. Forget it. You will tense up.Hey! I am asking youwhat he did to you. Tell me.He tried to... He tried tomolest me. He tried to rape me.Look at this.Hey! Hey! Hey!How dare that bastard!I will...It was a good thingthat the waiter came in.Otherwise...I will kill him.No. No. No. My darling, no.Just listen to me.To fire a bullet and touse a weapon is a man's job.I am not highly educated butI definitely know...how to put this bullet intothat chairman's chest?Darling, you are not a man.You are a lion. A lion.-You are a lion. Naughty boy.-My darling! My darling!I welcome you allto the silver jubileedance competition of Laxmi bank.I now hand it over to Mr. Mulchand.Who will win theprize of 1 lakh rupees?Come, I shall introduceyou all to both our finalists.Mr. Jai Verma.Come, Mr. Verma. Welcome!Miss Neeru! Give her a big hand.So Mr. Verma, what do you think?Will you win this prize?Yes. Definitely.But how can you say that?That is becauseI am the best dancer.Wow! Wow! Wow! What confidence!Miss Neeru, what do you think?Will you win this competition?-Yes.-Why?Because I have myGuru's blessings with me.May the best person win!Let this competition start!"Something happens to myHeart when I see you""One day my heart willGo crazy for you""Something happens to myHeart when I see you""One day my heart willGo crazy for you""I am wounded by your loveI shall die someday""Please come near meDon't go so far away""I agree that you are beautiful""But I am not that bad either""There is love in your eyes""There is a refusal on your lips""I am confident about it""These opportunities of loveCome to life very rarely""One day my heart willGo crazy for you""Something happens to myHeart when I see you""One day my heart willGo crazy for you""The person whom my heart loves,He is exactly like you""The person whom my heart loves,He is exactly like you""But there are someSpecial things about him""Which are lacking in you""My heart is crazy about him""But it is not crazy about you at all""The person whom my heart loves,He is exactly like you""When he passes byThe lanes then his fragrance""Is spread in my breath""Yes, his fragranceHis fragrance""When he touchesMe with his lips then""There are many miracles in my heart""Yes, such a miracleSuch a miracle""My heart beats in his memories only""He is my entire world""I will find many like you in this world""But where will IFind a person like him?""The person whom my heart loves,He is exactly like you""The person whom my heart loves,He is exactly like you""Listen to me, O silly girl""You will come near me one day""You will plead in frontOf me and beg for yourself""You will tell me thatI have obeyed you sincerely""I have given away everything to you""Then I will teach you such a lesson""I will trouble youI will make you cry""I will quench my thirstI will make you dance""I will accept you""I am a girlYou cannot get a hold of me""I am a girlYou cannot get a hold of me""I am such a girl""I am such a girl""I am a boyI will surely pacify you""I am a boyI will surely accept you""I am such a boy""I am such a boy""I am a girlYou cannot get a hold of me""I am a girlYou cannot get a hold of me""I am such a girl""I am such a girl""I am such a girl""Something happens to myHeart when I see you""One day my heart willGo crazy for you""Something happens to myHeart when I see you""One day my heart willGo crazy for you""Crazy, crazy, crazy"Thank you. Thank you very much.Thank you.Thank you very much, sir.Thank you.Congratulations! Well done, my boy!Thank you, sir.I apologize.In spite of trying very hard,I couldn't win this prize.You are not to blame my child.It is destiny that is against me.I had thought that,with this money...that son of minewould get a new lifethe one fighting againstdeath in the hospital.But now I have one wish.That I die, before my son does.Nothing was lacking in your efforts.Nothing was lacking.Uncle, wait a minute.I never thought thatyou would be such a great person.Not just this competition,I cannot winany competitionagainst you in life.Take this, Neeru.You give this check to him.Take this, uncle.Get your child operated.Thank you. Thank you, son.But uncle, we will haveto change the name on this check.-Come on, let us go to Mr. Khanna.-Come on.Excuse me. Excuse me. Side please.Excuse me.Okay, my friend.I will come back from London.Then we shall meet.I am not highly educated,but I know this much...that there is nothingmore important than a friend.Take care of yourself, my friend.I shall meet you very soon.Fine.Mr. Khanna. Wait, Mr. Khanna.Come on, we shall follow him.Give the keys of the bike.-Okay. Come on.-I will drop this at your house.Where did he go, Neeru?Don't move.It is strange.We were right behind him.-And now...-Jai! Look over there.They are taking the chairman.Oh my God!Loot. Police.Neeru, there must bea phone nearby.You go call the police.-I will go inside.-But Jai...This is not the time to argue.Neeru, go.What are you doing?No!Come on.Let's go.Open the locker.-This is the public's money!-This is ours.The law...The law will not spare you.Open the locker, chairmanotherwise I will kill you. Come on.I will open it. I will open it."The veil has been stained"Brother,is there a phone around?-There is no phone here.-Oh no!Come on. Hurry up.Hello. Nehru Nagar police station.Inspector Shankar.I am his brother Jai speaking.-Come on. Come on.-Who is he?He is inspectorShankar's brother...The one who has made oursurvival difficult.-Today I will kill this bastard.-Stop!We have another way ofgetting revenge on his brother.We will be the ones looting...But the camera willclick pictures of him.Hey, Blacky! What do you think?You say the word and I will do it?Hey fool! Not just you,even your saviors will do it.Fill up the boxes...or we will kill the chairman.No. No. Save me.Save me. Son, save me.Come on.Listen to me,is there a telephone over here?-What?-The bank is being looted.Brother. Brother.Hello. Hello police station.Hey! No station. You are amazing!You are so pretty!Help!-Come on, Neeru. Let's go.-What happened, Jai?Come on.Come on.Ragunath, this is your prey.Where is your partner?Call her and kill him.Women don't do such things.Men do it. Men do it.Oh! So you have done all this.You are the worst friend.You are not a friendbut a betrayer.Really? And you are avery good friend, aren't you?You bastard!You tried to molest my Sheela?You tried to rape her? I am going to...You became Sheela's lover?Take this.This is Sheela's revolver.And the bullets are also hers.Embrace her.Jai! Chairman!Come on.Welcome!Welcome! Welcome, my brave men!Lata, until all this wealthis not allocated properlyit will remain in thiscontainer in my cold storage.Yes! That is correct.Yes. But, listen to me.For the sake of thesecurity of this safealong with your men,and these dead animalseven my men willbe present here.And you will have one key ofthis safe while I have the other.When both the keysare put into it...only then will thissafe open.Why? Do you agree?I agree.Hey dear! Hey brother!Just show me once...what five toseven crores look like?Come on, I shall show you.Yeah!Sir, Mr. Khanna didnot boarded the flight.This means that Mr. Khannahas been trapped by those criminals.Sir, the projector is ready.Sir, let's see the picturestaken by the secret camera.Yes, come on.This is not possible.Do you know him, Shankar?He... he is my younger brother.From the film it seems as thoughyour brother wasinvolved in the robbery.It's impossible, sir.I understand your sentiments,but what is the truth?You have to inquire whether your brotherwas involved in this robbery or not.And I know, Mr. Shankar,you will fulfill your responsibilitywith complete honesty.Mr. Gokhale...issue an arrest warrantin the name of Jai Verma.And arrest him wherever you see him.Yes sir.Here. Drink water.-I'll get some more.-Let it be.We should leave this place.We should tell the police everythingso that they caninquire thedeath of the chairmanand arrest those robbers.That's true.Come. Let's go. But can you walk?I am sorry!I am sorry! Are you hurt?What is this sorry?Can't you say that you're hurt?You broke my head.Why are you yelling at me?First you got me wrappedup in a robbery,then you broke my leg,and now you've brought me here,in the middle of a junglein this palace of ghosts.God knows what sort of dangerousanimals live in this jungle.What else could I do?Stop following the thieves?Ok, now stop crying.We are far away from the city...in the middle of this dark jungle.It was pointless to walkin this state.And by the way, there are nodangerous animals in this jungle.They are here.Look at your dangerous animals.How stupid.Very stupid.-Do you smoke?-What?No, I don't.Do you smoke?No, you idiot.If you were a smokeryou would have a matchbox,and if you had a matchbox,we could have lit a fire.And the cold would disappear.That's true. Come. Get up.Look, cold kills cold.You have a bath with thatcold water, I'll light a fire.How?Watching you bathe...will make me so hot...By rubbing two stones together.I learnt it whenI was in scouts.Stone, stone, stone."My sweetheart is in front of me""My sweetheart is in front of me""Oh moon, keep shining""My sweetheart is in front of me""Oh moon, keep shining""I want to watch herTo my heart's content""Oh moon, keep shining""My sweetheart is in front of me""Oh moon, keep shining""My sweetheart is in front of me""Oh moon, keep shining""I want to watch himTo my heart's content""Oh moon, keep shining""My sweetheart is in front of me""Oh moon, keep shining""Why did you hide in the clouds""Right when my darlingWas in front of me?""Why did you hide in the clouds""Right when my darlingWas in front of me?""Why did he hide in the clouds""Right when your darlingWas in front of you?""If it's so necessary to hide, then come"I'll hide you in my veil""In my veil""In my veil""Even when you hide in my veil""Even when you hide in my veil""Oh moon, keep shining""I want to watch herTo my heart's content""Oh moon, keep shining""My sweetheart is in front of me""Oh moon, keep shining""Then he took me inHis arms in front of you""Then he took me inHis arms in front of you""Then he took me inHis arms in front of you""Then he took me inHis arms in front of you""I found the company of my love""On the lonely roads of life""On these lonely roads""On these lonely roads""Now the journey ofLife has become easier""Now the journey ofLife has become easier""Oh moon, keep shining""I want to watch himTo my heart's content""Oh moon, keep shining""My sweetheart is in front of me""Oh moon, keep shining""My sweetheart is in front of me""Oh moon, keep shining"Let your law thinkwhatever it wants.But I know that my son is innocent.Even if your heart is not the bestwitness, then my heart too...does not consider Jai a criminal.But he has made thingsdifficult by running from the law.He is childish,he has yet to see this world.Rescue him from this problem.Promise me, that you won'tlet anything happen to him...That you'll bring him back home.Tell me, dear. Tell me.Why are you quiet? Tell me!You have to swear on my love for you.Mom, if your blessingsare with me...then Shankar willnever fail to do his duty.He will never fail.Commissioner, if we don'tget the party's moneythen the high command will fire me-and I'll hang you upside down.-Yes sir.Wow! This seems like avery romantic place to me.This waterfall,my thirsty young body.Come, my...You're scared for no reason.It was just a pigeon."These pigeons fellOn my face from the top"She is giving me shocks.-Madam... Look... Look...-Look at what?It has been so long since youhave shown me anything.My body is burning.Fire, water, smoke, where?"My heart started beating""My body started burning""Darling, leave my wrist""Don't pluck the flowerswhich have not yet bloomed"Madam! Madam! Madam!You forgot the cursegiven by Alakh Niranjan.You forgot the curse!You forgot the curse!The curse!You became a bitch again?You became a bitch.Are you happy now?"My heart started beating"Now keep on barking.How many times have I told you, madamthat do your duty, do your duty?Why are you barking?Tell me at least?Madam! Madam! Listen to me, madam!Jai's handkerchief!So that means we areheading in the right direction.Madam, keep your nose to the ground...smell them, and take me to them.Please madam.Shall we go? We should?One moment madam, I am coming too.Wait, go slow, go slow. Madam!I can't find the spot where criminalsthrew the body ofthe chairman after killing him.The whole jungle seemsto be one and the same.There must bedangerous animals here.What if an animal ate him?Come on!Where are you taking me?You have become a bitch,but I am a man.How much longer can I run?If you run like that,then I won'teven be able to walk.Bitch, we have toincrease our love slowly,we have to cross the limits.Bitch, where elsedo we have to go?There must be snakesand scorpions there.Brother, please save me!Brother, please save me!Brother,please save me from this bitch.Neeru, she is not a bitch,she is your sister-in-law.-What?-She is Pushpa.-What?-What?This is so strange!Does this mean that thecurse will never disappear?It will, if I feed 40 priests.I have to serve themand make themmeet the head of the priests.Then she'll become a human being.-Yes.-Well, let it be.The police think thatyou are the criminal, Jai.But you know the truth, brother.But who'll believe the truth?My brother,my brother will believe me.He won't believe you.He is a police officer.He only believes evidence.Then we'll searchfor the evidence.The criminals werehidden here somewhere.And they had evenmurdered chairman Khanna.-They murdered him?-Yes.But we didn't find any criminal,neither any dead body.Pushpi, did we see any dead body?I think there is something here.Come with me.Run slowly, slowly.She really tires me out, I swear.Pushpi!Where are you going?Is there a dead body?Is there a letter in your mouth?Don't eat it.Don't eat it. Throw it. Throw it.Matchbox.Be careful, it might be a bomb.You'll burst into pieces.Star club.Five weeks have passed sinceher husband disappearedand we can't evenfind his dead body.And five days have passedsince the chairman disappearedand we can't even find his dead body.Five crores are missingfrom the bankand the dead body is not yet found.And this phone has been ringingfor the past five minutes.Should I kill you both?Hello, Nehru Nagar police station.-Is this Shankar sir?-Yes.There is importantinformation for you.Some international smugglersare going to gather tonight at Star club.And you will have towitness the occasion for yourself.Who is speaking?Come and recognize me."My darling has come""Love has come""My darling has come""The cheater has come""The message for which I was waiting""That message has arrived""The message for which I was waiting""That message has arrived""Your name has entered""Into my heartbeats""The message for which I was waiting""That message has arrived""Don't mind""If I love you""Don't mind""Don't mind""If I love you""Don't mind""If I love you""That time has come""When the heart does notRemain in control""Your name has entered""My heartbeats""The message for which I was waiting""That message has arrived""My destiny was against me""To bring you to me on its own""You would comeTo me on your own""My destiny was against me""To bring you to me on its own""My destiny was against me""To bring you to me on its own""The secret which was hidden""In my heart, has been revealed""Your name has entered""My heartbeats""The message for which I was waiting""That message has arrived""Your name has entered""My heart beats"He has murdered him! He is dead!Someone please catch him! Don'tlet this bastard go! Catch him!Brother, I am innocent.I haven't done this murder.Shut up!You are under arrest.No one will leave untileveryone's statement is taken.Mr. Singh,call up the police station.Inspector,this man was my brother.Your brother hasmurdered my brother.I am going to kill him.Don't try to take on the law.Only the court can punish him.What? Even you thinkthat I am a criminal?I'll save you if you're innocent.I am not very educated,but I know thatwe are allwitnesses to this murder.We'll see to it that you won'tbe able to save your brother.Don't move!You will save me, brother?Everybody has alreadybranded me as a criminal.I can't take the blame ofsomeone else's murder on myself.Stop, Jai,otherwise I'll shoot you.Then you'll killtwo innocent people.Not me, but someoneelse is the murderer.Jai! Jai stop! Stop, Jai!Jai!Stop, Jai! Stop!Shame on us! Shame on us!That young boy shot ourBiswas in front of everyone.And us idiots were juststaring at each other's faces.My question is, why didn't youkill that guyin the bank itself?Why are we arguingover what didn't happen?We should think aboutwhat we have to do next.I was thinking the same thing.What did that guy getby killing Biswas?I was there,even commander was there.What do you say minister?Don't tell me, you thought four people,four shares.What are you trying to say?I am not so educated,but I know thatif my share has increased,even your share has increased.Even you might be the murderer.-Minister! Mind your tongue!-You have started arguing again.There were so many people thereI was there,and even that dancer girl.Shashi!General, is it possible thatShashi is trying to take revenge?Revenge!Revenge for what?Nothing...Commander,the buyers have run away.Even the police doubt us.Ok, I'll arrange my ship,and we'll send the things abroad.And, give the orderto our mento shoot that guy on sight.Kill the bastard!Who is it at this time?Shankar? Police?Right now, I am on duty,and I've come hereas a police inspector.-Search the house.-Search the house? But why?A man called Biswas hasbeen murdered in the club.His body was in Jai's hands.I tried to stop him, but he still escaped.What does this prove, mom?You tell me.You mean... Jai is a murderer?No, no,my Jai cannot be a murderer!Come on.There is no one here, sir.Ok, send a messageto not let Jai escape.Yes sir.I know that you feel very bad.But do you know...what your son put me through today?I had to shoot Jai as part of my duty.By the grace of God,I missed.But what if he had been shot?How would I explain it to you?How would I explain it to myself?I can't understand whyJai didn't surrender himself to me?Has he forgottenthat we are brothers?That your blood runs in our body!Brother!Jai, you're here?Brother, brother!Brother, please forgive me.-Mom, mom, please believe---I believe you, son.Just once, put yourhand on my headand say that you're innocent.I swear on you mom,I am absolutely innocent.And from now on, from nowon I'll do what brother says.Here brother. Arrest me.Don't worry Jai...this brother of yours willsacrifice his own life for yours.Brother!After going through the testimonies andthe evidence presentedthe court has come to the decisionthat criminal jai Verma is guilty.This court sentences himto life imprisonment.Is this your justice, brother?No, this is absolutely wrong, judge.This is injustice towards honesty.And I won't let this happen.Officer! Arrest him!Shankar! Don't break therules of the court and law.-Hold him.-Don't you dare, commissioner!Jai, come with me.They have to cross mydead body before touching you.-Shankar!-Brother!Shankar!-Brother!-Shankar!No, brother, you'll even sacrificeyour own life to save mine.And I don't want youto dishonor your duty.Excuse me, sir,I have some important work with you.Ok, you come to my office tomorrow and meet me.One moment sir, it'svery urgent, one minute.Excuse me.Yes, tell me, what is it?Sir, you said youwould give me that money?Yes, but the amount is quite big.But, because it's foryour sister's weddingI won't refuse.How about this...Come over tonight...and your work will be done. Happy?Thanks.Give me a chance too,to say thanks like that.See you.Let me get the money once,I'll give you such a chancethat you won'tbe able to ask for a chance again.Neeru, you wait here...I'll go see that commander Mustaque.I am afraid, Jai.If anything happens to you...Don't worry.Shashi? She's here early.Hi!What are you doing here?Wherever I go, I alwaysdrop by unannounced.Why?Actually, I was just goingto come out after having a bath.It's very important forme to go out for a party.Sometimes, it's profitableto cancel important programsfor not so important meetings.Profit! What kind of a profit?You go and have a bath.I'll explain everything when you come out.I'll tell you everything.Naughty boy!I'll make a drink. Go.I'll be right back.Darling, want a drink?I have been wishing for so longto spend an evening with you.Here, have a drink.Darling!Drink it from my hands.Enough. Stop here.Here's your money.Hello.Mustaque has been murdered.Get to his house.Both, the dead body andthe murderer are present there.Mustaque sir!Sir!Mustaque sir!Sir!Mustaque Sir!Sir!Oh, he's having a bath.Sir! Sir,shall I take the money and go?I am in a hurry, sir.What happened?Shashi what happened?That dead body!Oh my God! A murder!Jai... you have murdered him!What?You... you are a murderer!But why?What are you saying, Shashi?I am very sure that thesepeople had robbed the bankand put the blame on me.I came here to collect evidence,which will help me provemyself innocent.But what are you doing here?I came here to take themoney for my sister's wedding.No one will believe us.Now what do we do?Now what do we do?You do one thing,take this moneyand leavebefore anyone gets here.And what about you, Jai?I'll destroy the evidencethat says we were here.No Jai, I can't leave you here.Please Shashi,this is not the time to argue.Please, go.Sweety, here!-Brother, you?-Now don't tell methat you have not committed this murder.I haven't done it brother, please, I...Nobody can save you now.Everything is equal before the law,brother.I am asking you for the last time.What's the truth?Nothing else is thetruth besides this, brother.The conditions andhelplessness have-have made me look like a criminal.-No!You won't confess that easily.You won't confess that easily.I have tocross all limits.Ok?Tell me! Tell me!Tell me what the truth is!Say it! Say it!Confess! Say it!I know, brother.These blows hurt you more than me.But believe me.I haven't done any murder,I haven't done any robbery.Then what was that?I have seen you move that dead bodyat the scene of the crime.Please, my brother,tell me the truth, please!I have already toldyou the truth, brother.Now I am ready,even if I am to be hanged.But I won't let this happen.Who are you?She's my sister, sir.Please listen toher statement, sir.Shankar,I don't know why Jai is doingall this to savethat dancer, Sweety?I've seen her comingout of Mustaque's flat.-Neeru, please.-What?I don't understand...why do you want tohang yourself for her?How is she related to you?No matter how much I hit you...My soul refused to believe thatyou were a criminal.Then why did you do this?Tell me, why did you do this?For Shashi?No, brother, no.Shashi does notdeserve your sympathy.Please forgive me.Where did youget this much money from?This is my money.Mustaque has given it tome as an advance.Advance!I had given the briefcasefull of money to Mustaque.Mustaque has been murdered,and the briefcase is with you.The evidence is enoughto hang you in my court.It's true that Iwent to Mustaque's house...and that I took thatbriefcase from his house.But at that time he was already dead.And there was onlyhis dead body over there.A dead body is what youwill now be. A living dead body.I'll make you sit in the club.Customers will come in plenty,understand?I had already becomea dead body the dayyou three bastards raped me.The three of you,killed my dreams and my happiness.I still breath, just so that I canfulfill my responsibilitiestowards my family.After killing my partners...you want to get yoursister married, you bitch!Biswas and Mustaque were lucky,that they died easily...but today you'll have to suffer.I'll kill you bitch!I'll kill you! I'll kill you!No Shashi, he does notdeserve to be killed like that!No Shankar,please let me kill him!You don't know how muchthis jerk has made me suffer.This swine will suffer for his sins.He'll definitely suffer!He'll definitely suffer!Don't cry, Shashi, don't cry.You were mine no matter what...you are mine,and you'll always be mine.Move, move, move!You have made mylife worse than hell.When people celebratetheir wedding anniversary...at that time, their wivesapply lipstick, they wearflowers in their hair,they wear a sari...and hug their husbands with a smile.But you, bringing your tar likeface next to mine,removing your tongue out,throwing spit out,you just roam aboutlicking everything, every time.Until this curse is not lifted.I will not live withyou in your house.I won't live with you,I won't eat with you,I won't sleep with you.I'll live here!"Under the blue sky,where the love for earth is born."Not where the love forthe earth is born...but where this dog's love is born.These dogs are cuter than wives.They are more honest.Now take my wife for example,she loves later...but first,she hits me with her shoe.She hits me with her slipper.She puts false allegations on us.She says that I am having anaffair with our neighbor, Champa.There is no Champain our neighborhood.At least tell mewho this Champa is?This dog is more honestand cute than such a wife.Come, my darling!Hey! Just move from there,move, move behind."Whenever I seea Tommy my heart says""Ohle-ohle, ohle, ohle-ohle, ohle."Hey Pushpi,forget about this drunkardbut don't you have any shame?Hey brother, this is not your Tommy,this is my wife..."Have you seen such a foolishwho's calling Tommy his wife""Ohle-ohle, ohle, ohle-ohle, ohle."How many times shouldI tell you that she is my wife?-You donkey! That is a dog.-She is my wife.-It is a dog.-She is my wife.He is a dog. Look at his tail.Shall I show you my tail?-Do you have a tail?-Yes, I have.I caught you. Today,I caught you openly with Champa.-No, no, no, no...-You shameless.-Did he misbehave with your wife?-He hugged her.If I had not caught him,God knowswhat he would have done.-You shameless.-No, no, no, no, no...but she is not Champa, it's a dog.-Is it a dog?-Yes, see.Pushpi, wedding anniversary!Such a big bomb fell on me,do you know?Pushpi!Pushpi!You jerk!You're calling a young lady a dog?I know that thisis your Champa.You swine, couldn't youfind anyone else's husband?-Stop hitting on my husband!-Quiet, quiet, quiet.This is not Champa.She is my wife...Pushpa, sub-inspector, Pushpa.And your husband loves only you,understand?-What?-Yes darling, yes.This Tommy is telling the truth.-She's my wife.-Yes darling,if you stop doubting methen I'll quit drinking.-Really?-Yes.So sweet!This is unexpected.She has started kissing me.Kiss me again."Don't do all this acting here,go to your house, and""Sleep-sleep,sleep, sleep-sleep, sleep."-Bye Tommy.-Shut up!Sleep-sleep!Happy anniversary darling!-Congratulations!-What happened?You'll turn into that dog again!Santu...It's a good thing that theinspector's brother was caught.I was afraid thatI'd be the next victim.Here my darling, take this.Inspector!Come inspector, come.I am not that educated,but I know this much...that you've come hereto bail your brother out, right?But brother, in this caseeven a minister can't do anything.Don't say that, sir.-Madam, may I get a glass of water?-Sure.Sir, you can doanything you want.Yes, I can do anything I want,but I won't.Your rascalbrother was caughtwith the dead body in the club.Not once, but twice. Andboth of them were my best friends.I'll go to the courtand give a statement,that rascal should be hanged.No Raghu darling, don't yell.It's every citizen's dutyto help the police.Here you go.Do you recognize this earring?Did you tense up on seeing this?I am not tensed,but I am shockedto hear such a silly question.Obviously, this earringmust belong to some woman.Even I know that.But which woman wearsthis earring...is an important question.Because the police found thisearring near Mustaque's dead body.What are you trying to say,that this earring belongs to my darling?You consider me the murderer?Look inspector,no need to jump so much.Otherwise, I will stripyou of your uniformand send you home.Mind your tongue, Raghunath Singh.You were present when the ministerwas depositing the party'smoney into the bank.Sheela and you have been abit too friendly with bothGeneral Mustaque and Biswas.It's enough to haveyou both listed as suspects.Only time will tellwhether Sheelacommitted the murder or not.Because the murderer's fingerprintsare on this earring.Anyway, do you both mind ifI take this glass along with me?You want to take theglass and implicate us?Don't you knowwhat my identity is?I know your identity very well.I just need to exposeit to everyone.Which jerk has called up now?-Hello.-Raghunath.The police is raiding all ofour hideouts.We should take the stuff and immediatelyleave the country.Get the key and meet me atthe cold storage, quickly.Don't worry. I am on my way.It's such a dangerous place.Have you hidden the key here?That's not an ordinary key...it's our passport to heaven,passport and visa, visa.And this is your ticket.Death, from your own gun.You bitch, Raghunath isthe kind of dogwho, if he does not get a bone,he bites his own master.This is your injection.Bitch!You could kill me...I had never even thought of this.You, my friend, would be a cheater.You have drowned me.You left your earringin Mustaque's bedand you hesitateto sleep with me.Bitch!You never understood me, Raghu.I was crazy about you.Once, just one last time,please hug me.-Are you telling the truth?-Yes.-You... you really loved me?-Yes.What happened, my queen?What happened?Chairman... you? Khanna!Forget about the people near him...even the one who gave birth to Khannacouldn't understand him.You couldn't recognize me, could you?I... I understand,you gave me this...this revolver filled with fake bullets.But... But...why did you do all this?Why?-For what?-For what?I'll tell you,I'll tell you everything.I'll tell you the whole game.I took a huge amountof money from the bank.The inquiry started taking place.When the ministerdecided to collect the money...a plan formedin my mind.I met you as Sheela,made the plan of robbing the bankso that the blame ofthe money which I had robbedcomes on those robbers.And it worked!And then,I killed everyone one by one.Only the general remains now.He won't escape.All this wealth will be mine.The chairman will be back on hischair, and Sheela will disappear.You'll keep on searching for me,you'll keep on searching for me.What? You want a kiss?You want a kiss?You'll want my kiss!Raghunath Singh!No, don't kill me, Sheela!Don't kill me, Sheela!Don't kill me!Don't kill me!No! No!Don't kill me!Chairman Khanna! Chairman Khanna!Yes, I am chairman Khanna.Inspector Shankar,please take me to the hospital.Take me to the...I kept pleading.I knew neither day, nor night.They used to hold me in darkness,in my own urine.I used to live in my own dirt.Can you tell us theirnames and how they looked?Yes, never,I can never forget that name.Biswas, Mustaque,there was a boy...who won the dance competition,Jai, Jai Verma.The chairman is alive?But the criminalshad killed Khanna.-What?-Yes, brother, this is the truth.We have seen it with our own eyes.Yes, brother, think about it.Why would such dangerouspeople leave Khanna alive?-Yes sir?-It's a phone call for you.For me? Here?Look, I don't like it when yourpersonal phone-calls come here.Stop this, otherwise I'll complain.-Sorry sir. I don't know how...-It's all right. Take it.Hello! Hello!Yes, good.-Hello!-Sir, sir we found Sheela's file.Sir, we found the file.We even found the chairman's driver,Bhim Singh.Good, sir.Dead!The body was buriedin Sheela's house.But sir, two years havepassed since Sheela died.According to the file,she died two years back.It's so strange.Sheela died. She came back to life.The chairman died. He came back to life.-Hello.-Hello inspector.This is Sheela speaking.The chairman is with me.Here, talk to him.Inspector...inspector, please save me!This... this Sheela will kill me!Please save me!Give me the phone!Look inspector,put 10 lakh rupees in a bag...and come to Nehru park gateexactly at 11:00.I'll cut him into piecesif you try to follow me.Come on, Jai!What? Is your brother the commissioner?Go in, go, go.Everything is all right.-Good evening, doctor.-Good evening.Why are you crying?So what if your wifegave birth to a girl?-Children are God's...-What is this daughter-daughter?My father has expired.-Where is the chairman?-Inside, in his room.General!Why are you so late?It's terrible!Raghunath has been murdered!-He has been murdered!-Yes...-Where's the key?-Don't worry, the key is here,near my heart.I don't understand howthat chairman came back to life?-What! Don't you know anything?-What do you mean?That Raghunath and chairmanwere behind this plan.Raghunath had just pretendedto kill the chairmanin front of you.And that chairman had killedBiswas and Mustaque one by one.Today, they were bothgoing to kill you and me...but thank God thepolice got there on time.I faced a lot of difficultieson my way here.You bitch!Do you think I am a fool?God knows everything,both the secret and the result.I've come to know your truth.What kind of truth?Clicking an intimate photographwith the chairman...kidnapping the chairman in thedark from his house...the death of Raghunath,the chairman appearing again...all this is planned by youand that bastard, chairman.Mine and chairman's?Yes, yours and chairman's.You and that chairman murdered Biswas,Mustaque and Raghunath.Today I won't spare you.I'll kill you, you bitch.Please spare me!Please let me go! I beg of you!Khanna was blackmailing me.He had somenaked photographs of mine.Please take me along with you!Please take me along with you!I'll accept whatever you give me.I'll even accept 40 percent.40 percent! Today, I'll cut youinto 40 pieces! I'll kill you!I'll kill you! You bitch!Are you distributing your shares?So finally you have arrived,Shankar. Good!And me too, the most importantcriminal in this robbery.Sheela, where is the chairman?I won't tell you.The chairman is with me.Good!Wrong, the chairman is with Jai.No brother, you're forgetting,the chairman is with you.Sheela, what nonsense is this?This is not nonsense, it'sa very interesting story...which starts from the death ofthe driver of the chairman of the bankand ends at the murder of a nurse.That nurse, whose hair was cutby the murderer after her murder.Can you tell me whythe murderer did that, Sheela?Because up until now,that murderer...had been blaming someone else.But now he wanted to coverhis bald head, right Sheela?No, it's not right,This is not Sheela...but chairman Khanna.Get lost.Excellent! Chairman!Only strength orbrains do not win a war.You need both strengthand brains to win a war...which Raghuvansh Singh has.Shankar, I knewthat you would smell the groundand come here like a dog.That's why I brought these girls.Take these bastards away,put them in the mincing machine!Take them away!Put these beautiful ladies on my ship.They are things to be taken abroad...they'll be with me day and night.Go! Go! Get lost!Sir, I am very afraid of death...We are both husband and wife.Please tie us together.Please tie us together!Sir, if we can't eat ordrink without each otherthen why should we diewithout each other?I beg of you, sir, God will makeyou a Super General instead of a General.Please tie us together.Tie them together!Finish off this bastard!Go.-"Listen."-"Say."-"I said."-"I heard.""Did something happen?""Nothing, not yet."-"The breeze..."-"Is moving."-"The cloud..."-"Has stopped.""Did anything happen?""Something has happened."What's happening?Sir, even the devil fulfillsthe last wish ofone who is dying.You are the Super Devil.Please give two minutes tous husband-wife to bid goodbye.Ok, shoot these twoafter two minutes.Where are you going?Where are you going?Your boss told youleave us alone, didn't he?Look there."Something has happened.""Something has happened."Why didn't you shoot them yet?Give me the gun.You swine! You'll hit a police officer?You want to fight me?Pushpi!Pushpi! Pushpi! Pushpi!Pushpi!Now you're dead!Load this bastardalong with the stuff and the car.Bring him! I'll see him later.Shankar! Shankar!This wealth is mine, you bastards!I won't spare anyone.I kidnapped you?I robbed the bank?I murdered Biswas?I murdered Mustaque?No! No! No!Please forgive me!I didn't... do anything!I didn't do anything!You bastard!Sheela has done everything,right?Sheela has done everything.Commissioner sir,commissioner please save me!-Please save me!-What happened?This police officerwants to save his brother.He wants to takeaway all the wealth.This is not the truth, commissioner.He has made the plan.He is Sheela.Sheela? And I?Please trust me, sir.Trust.Everyone would believe you, chairman...but you made a mistake.You destroyed each andevery evidence of Sheela'sbut you forgotto rub off this lipstick.If you are not Sheela,then why are you wiping your lips?There isn't anylipstick on your lips.-Arrest him!-I won't spare you!I'll kill you!I won't spare any of you!I told you, don't do wrong.Now you have been implicated, haven't you?You were a fool,and you'll always be.Why were you wiping your lipstick?Now I'll leave you and go away.You implicated me.No darling! No darling! Pleasedon't leave me and go, darling!I'll be back to take the money!I'll be back to take the money!Don't leave me and go!I'll be back!I'll be back!Sir! Sir! Sir!Please accept our leaveapplications now.So that I can go to priestAlakh Niranjan...touch his feet and tell him that...Priest! At least now,give us freedom, priest!Alakh Niranjan.Santu!Pushpa!Priest, thank you so much, priest!-Priest!-Pushpi!