Ripped by gdhaliwal23Has my grandson woken up?- No, grandma.Why?- Didn't I tell you to wake him up?Karam Singh?- Grandma, sir said.....that he will return home late.He went to the golfclub with Mr. Randhawa.Good putt, Mr. Sant.Thank you, Mr. Randhawa.Mr. Sandhu, youlook very happy today?Yes, my son Sukh has won the award.....for the bestbusinessman of the year.


What better gift cana father receive.....from his son on his birthday?- Absolutely right.Come, let's celebrate.- Sure, sir.Cheers!- Cheers!By the way, Mr. Sandhu,since your son's coming after.....receiving an award can |also expect a reward from you?Reward?As you know, Mr. Sandhu,my daughter has completed.....her graduation from St.Blaise from Shimla.| had planned that mydaughter stays with me.....after my retirementso yesterday I got.....her admission in thegovernment college.....in the finance department.But my daughter wants totake some industrial training..


...in finance in yourfactory along with her studies.Now you spoke like a true soldier.Do you need to say this?Ask for something more.Today it's my daughter'sfirst day in her college.....your younger sonRajveer is also studying.....in the same college tellhim to take care of her.No problem, this will also be done.But make sure you cometo my party this evening.Sure. Happy birthday again.Good morning, my son. Good morning.Hi, dad!Mom, he's improving day by day.Dear son, haven't youwoken up a bit early today?Yes, papa. Yesterday |had four lectures free.....and today I havetwo free lectures.Great, I hope you'llenjoy in college now.Mom, don't forget to offer himsome sweets after his breakfast.He has done a great wonder today.Well, I had someimportant work with you, son.Yes, tell me, father.- Good morning, uncle.Good morning. Good morning.Please be seated.- Thank you, uncle. Thanks.Sit down and taste somebreakfast with your friend.No, uncle, I eat onlyonce but if you insist.....I'll taste some for company sake.- Okay, no problem.Mr. Kang, I want to tell yousomething, please don't mind.....I didn't understandyours and Rajveer's chemistry.You are a librarianand he's a student.What kind of a friendship is this?In fact, uncle,there's no chemistry between us.....there's philosophy between us.You see the BJP governmentis working alone, right?But when there'sa tiff between them.....Mr. Badal tries tocontrol the whole matter.Leave him, father, tellme what important work.....you have with me?My friend Randhawa'sdaughter Harleen.....has completed hergraduation from Shimla.....and has takenadmission in your college.And you are a very seniorstudent of your college.....the girl is new, just see to it.....that no seniorstudent troubles her.Don't worry,father, when I'm there.....no one will dare to lookat Mr. Randhawa's daughter.That's like my boy.This proves how much my sonis serious in his studies.Uncle, we take up allour work very seriously.You can assure Mr. Randhawa.Just tell him to pay hisdaughter's fees regularly.....we won't be able to do that.Rest leave everything inour hands. Am I right?Let's go, Mr. Vikram.Actually, uncle wastelling to have breakfast.....I hope he doesn't mind.No, no. No formalities.If you are getting late.....you can have it afterwards.Hurry up! I have arrangedheavy lunch for you in the canteen.Alright, uncle.- Bye, father. Bye, grandma.What's wrong with you?Let me have some.Okay, you go and look out forMr. Randhawa's daughter Harleen.I'll go to the library andhave a few words with Chindi.If one has friends like you thenthere's no need to have enemies.You selfish person.Hello, Ms. Chindi, youhave managed to handle.....the library work wellin my absence I feel now.....you must think of handlingyour household chores too.Leave that. Tell mewhat am I supposed to do.....with those girls and boyswho come here for romance?Who romances here?Really?| feel some students have laideggs over here in the library.....they come hererunning to sit on the eggs.Excuse me, what do you mean by this?You are saying this to whom?| haven't mentioned anybody's name.Only that girl will beannoyed by such a statement.....who is romancing here.Kang sir, mind your language!Why don't you fight in Punjabi| have failed in English.Mr. Romeo?Look at yourself beforepointing towards others.Look at yourself Mr. Kangand then taunt others.Why is there a catsitting under my chair?No, it's not a cat. In factit's Chindi sitting on your seat.He's madly in love with her.Hello, it's up to mewhere I make her sit.Who are you to challenge my freedom?Then even you cannotchallenge our freedom.Stand up. Sand up.You all keep studying. Why areyou all looking here? Do your job.If you want to do all this thenwhy don't you go to some mall?Go and sit in a garden.No need to spoil theatmosphere of the library.Come, let's go, it'she who is spoiling.....the atmosphere of thelibrary and he's blaming us for it.Scoundrel.- What did you say?Nothing, nothing, come, let's go.Acting smart.You all study. Whyare you looking here?Is there some drama going on here?Have made the library a lovers den.Mr. Kang, this is the limit.Think something now.| too feel that |have to decide now.Or else the way we havethrown them out of the library.....the principal will throwboth of us out of the college.My name is Prabhleen Sandhu.I'll sing Ms. Pooja's song for you.'Stop whistling andcalling me. Stop staring at me''Stop staring at me!'Stop whistling and calling me.Stop staring at me." - Good. Good.And yes, you?- I don't know anything.I'll get married and flee to Canada.He's an NRI quota. Let him go.You can go.I'll go to Canada.I'm Harleen Randhawaand I have done my graduation.....from St. Blaise, Shimla.Then please sing usa song sung by Sukhwinder.Sorry.Richie, she's from St.Blaise, Shimla.Why can't she show usan item number like..'Sheela ki jawani' or "MunniBadnaam hui' (Hindi film songs)?Yes, so what is your opinion?| can't sing.Richie, then tell her to do"Bhujangasan' (a Yoga posture).....which is done by Baba Ramdev.Okay, then, please do it.No, I don't know.What is she saying?Strange, you don't want to sing.Don't want to dance and don'twant to do Yogasana as well..Okay, then, you can kiss anyof the senior students you like.| feel she has never done that too.Haven't you kissedanybody till today?It's. Very very easy.Stop it.| say stop it. Rajveer,Richie, stop it. What is this?Rajveer, I'm askingyou what is all this?Sir, when law is against ragging.....then who is he torag the new students?Ragging? He was ragging whom?Ask her, sir.Is it, child?- Yes, sirMr. Richie, I'm suspending youfor seven days from this college.And now you get out.But sir..- I say get out.Please go back to your classrooms.And you too.Excuse me.Thanks. By the way, I'm Harleen.Rajveer. Since your dadhad given me this duty.....I have fulfilled it.Thanks again."The atmosphere ishappening and I'm very happy.""Let's celebrate, my friends,and sing this peppy song.""The atmosphere ishappening and I'm very happy.""Let's celebrate, my friends,and sing this peppy song.""Swing and danceto the music today.""If you want to dance,then say yes.""| say, everybody dance.""SMS this happiness toeach and everyone.."" .If you want tosee everybody happy.""If you want to dance,then say yes.""| say, everybody dance.""SMS this happiness toeach and everyone.."" .If you want tosee everybody happy.""Click snaps ofthis happening party.""These moments will beyour good memories.""Click snaps ofthis happening party.""These moments will beyour good memories.""These moments are notgoing to come again..""..So don't miss this chance.""If you want to dance,then say yes.""| say, everybody dance.""SMS this happiness toeach and everyone.."" .If you want tosee everybody happy.""If you want to dance,then say yes.""| say, everybody dance.""SMS this happiness toeach and everyone.."" .If you want tosee everybody happy.""We have come empty handed..""..And will go emptyhanded from this world..""..All the luxurieswill stay back here.""We have come empty handed..""..And will go emptyhanded from this world..""..All the luxurieswill stay back here.""Our house should befilled with happiness always.""If you want to dance then say yes.""| say, everybody dance.""SMS this happinessto each and everyone.....if you want tosee everybody happy.""If you want to dance then say yes.| say, everybody dance.""SMS this happinessto each and everyone.....if you want tosee everybody happy."Mother, after seeing my kids |really feel that we have grown old.It's but natural, son.Sukh is handling your factoryand Rajveer is goingto complete his studies.I'm not talking about them, mother.You are talking about whom then?I'm talking aboutMr. Randhawa's daughter.She was hardly sixor seven years old.....when I saw her for the first time.Yesterday she was sitting infront of me in the party.....and I was couldn't believe thatshe is the same girl I had seen.If you see anyone so young.....and see the sameperson after so many years,...There is a vast difference.The girl is indeed very pretty.Is Mr. Randhawa bad?So son, his daughter willbe coming to our factory.....to practise finance,please help her.Of course, father, you just command.I'll make her sit on my seat andI'll go and sit on the clerk's seat.Well-said, brother, well-said.Son, no need to be so happy.| don't find youserious in studies.....and if you fail.....then I'll shut theuniversity gates.....and open thefactory gates for you.No need to worryabout my studies, father.I'm worried about ourfactory due to the recession.I'll top from theuniversity and make you proud.Let's see. Let's seewhich way the wind will blow.Come on then, let'sgo to the factory.Who knows what I willhave to face if I fail.Son, the confidence with whichyou are running the factory.....I'm sure you'll never fail.We are blessed tohave you in our house.Okay, father. Bye, grandma.- Bye, son.Bye.- Take care.Come soon.- Alright.Here, have hot fried bread withsome cold coffee. Have a bite.| say please try my cold drink.Please try this coffee.- Try this.Rajveer, please.Rajveer, tell them not to say allthis. She is feeling embarrassed.Don't trouble her.She'll take what she likes.I'm sorry, Rajveer,| forgot to ask you,you are studying in which year?| have completed my studies.....and I'm planning to goto London now. - London?This boy is an MBA topper.....he is planning to do PhDfrom Oxford University now.And everybody will call him adoctor after two years. Isn't it?O my God! Are you going toOxford university to do PhD?It's every student'sdream to study from there.It may be, but now I feel| won't be happy going to London.Buddy, please help me too.| will also be able to do MBA.Buddy, how can I teach everybody?It's not easy for me.Can't you study on your own?Neither do you study andnor do you let others study.Please be seated. Not you. Stand-up.Your third semesteris still not cleared.....and if you fail inthe fourth semester.....then you will faileven in your MBA too.You just waste yourtime the whole day.Sir, I had come tocollect the books.Do you take the books tostudy or to tear them?Use the library books carefully.Yes. Yes.I'm also leaving.I'm also leaving. |have to attend my class.There is a student from OxfordUniversity sitting over here.Bye.You also go and lookafter the library books.Go and check whether therats are tearing the books.Our matter was gettingfixed smoothly, buddy,the principal came andruined the whole scene.Hi I'm.. I'm Harleen Randhawa.I'm here to meet Mr. Sukhdeep.Please go insidehe's waiting for you.Thanks.May I?Come, Harleen.Hi.- Come in.How are you? Please be seated.Thanks.- Would you like to have something?No, thank you.Yes, dad has told me about you.....that you want totake factory training.Please feel at home. Dotell me if you need anything.Thank you. Thank you so much.Strange, you havecome to your own office.Please don't embarrassme by saying thank you.Thank you.Again?Go and meet Mr. Sharma,| have explained him everything.Okay, thank.. sorry. Bye.- Bye.Good news. Good news. Good news.My very good friendlieutenant Vikramjeet Singh has.....sent me the photographsof three army officers.....select one from these and decide.....which boy issuitable for our Chindi.Mr. Army officer, we don't have.....a single greatofficer in our house.....and you are readyto get another one.Leave aside army officer,I'll not allow Chindi.....to marry even a NCC cadet.First of all I'll tearoff your news paper.You begin your daywatching the advertisements.....then you start checkingthe e-mails.You have sent the girl's picture.....to so many NRI boys till today.Listen to me, I'll getmy daughter married.....only to an army officer.Okay, I have no objection at all.Marry her off to an army officer.Well-done, that'slike an obedient son.But the boy must befrom Canadian army.And now you are speakinglike a disobedient son.You got your namecancelled from the army.....and now you blame the army.Respected father, Igot my name cance||ed.....but you defamed yourself.There was a case going onagainst you for one whole year.| came out cleanfrom that very case.That is why I bring somuch cash into the house.Grandpa, was therea corruption case against you?Dear, don't listen to him.It was like this,a jealous army officer.....got me trapped into this case.Just to defame my name.Grandpa, didn't you runthe cannons in the army?Cannons.. - He used to runthe knife on the vegetables.He was a chef in the army.| was a chef in the beginning, butdidn't I get a promotion afterwards?You didn't get thepromotion for some bravery act.....it was due to choppingfour onions in one minute.....in front of the Brigadier,so you got a promotion.At least I got a promotion,not like you..I didn't run awaylike you from the army.Keeps on boasting all the time.Listen to me everybody, if the girlis not married to an army officer.....then I'll not perform thegrand parents introduction ceremony.Father, you don't worry about that.We'll get Chindimarried in such a house.....where the grandfather isalready no more in this world.You have pamperedhim and spoilt him.Look at these three pictures,come select one quickly.Father, I have already selected one.| like this boy, looks like he'sborn and brought up in Canada.And then look at this one,he's wearing a stud in his ear.You both arefighting with each other.....first ask the girl's opinion.Not to worry, |won't complain even if.....you get me married to a librarian.Father, I have sentChindi's pictures.....to hundred and twenty four boys.Whoever gives me the response...I'l get hermarried to that very boy.It's time to decide now. I'm takingall the three pictures upstairs.._I'll sing 'eeny meeny mina mow'.....and wherever the limerick stops.....the girl's marriage willbe fixed that boy. That's it.Father, there you arespeaking like an army officer.He's simply impossible.He'll never change.Brother, if I choose a girlin the college, then?Good for you.And what if I get married to her?I'll also have kids after marriage.I'll pick up the kids in my arms,I'll play with them...I'll also pamper them.But what if my kids ask mewhile playing in your arms.....where is their uncle's wife,what will I answer them then?You can tell them that youruncle doesn't have an aunt.....So you have to bearyour uncle alone. Okay?I'm unable to bear it now, brother.Unless you get married |won't be able to marry.| wanted to ask you when areyou planning to get married.| haven't decided yet. Rightnow I feel like beating you.Don't want to do anything andwon't let others do anything.Why are you making faces?I'm going through such a bigproblem, can't you be a bit serious?Do you want me to be on drip,just to show that I'm serious?Only then, you'll realisethat I'm serious?I'm trying to think.You don't even let me think.Yes, I have an idea.Very interesting.....I have come up with a unique idea.Now ask what you wanted to ask.What shall I ask you,| have already told you.....my father wants to getme married to an NR|.....and my grandpa issearching an army officer for me.Now you tell me what is to be done.Let's elope.Shame on you. This isn't a unique,but a very antic idea.....from Romeo and Juliet's time.| meant to say thatlet's elope from our houses.....when your family memberswill be tired after searching us.....and when our three or four kidswill give a knock on their door.....though not on us,maybe your family members.....will have pity on your kids.And what if they see usoff on a train before that?Very good, we'll save our money.We'll go on our honeymoonon their expenses.I'm not talkingabout our honeymoon.....I'm talking about our murder.Have you heard about honour killing?Do you know those who marryafter eloping from their houses.....what people do with them?You are scaring me how.Tell me, your motheris supporting whom.....your father or your grandfather?Me.Look, I have nobody to support me..| have no support at all.| have no one at my side, right?Dumbo, what's wrong with your brain?If my mother is on my side then.....she'sautomatically on your side too.You come up with a good scheme.....I'm sure my motherwill definitely support us.Really?If your mother supports us.....then I won't letour love story fail.Hello, grandma.- Hello.Hello, father.- Come, son, sit down.| want to discusssomething with you.Tell me, father.What I'm going to ask you now,you can't prolong it any longer.My very good friend Mr. Sachhar.....has send me hisdaughter's photograph.Think and then give the answer.....it will be verydifficult for me to say no to him.Father, Rajveer is also a bachelor.....why don't you talk abouthis proposal with Mr. Sachhar?You are intelligent, son, I havediscussed about you with him.....not about Rajveer.Father, you know it very well.....my answer is stillthe same even today..| know the reasonfor your denial, son.I'm your father, not your enemy.Ask me how difficult it isto live your life all alone.They way I have spent five years.....I'll spend the rest ofmy life in the same manner.Sukh.Don't get upset, I'll speak to him.It's of no use, mother.The sad part is wherehe was five tears back.....he's still over there till today."My love, my eyes are filledwith tears when I think of you.""My heart has fallen for you.You are pious, my love.""My heart has fallen for you.You are pious, my love.""I can't take my eyes off her.""0 God. ""O God, I have lost my sleep.”"O God, I have lost my sleep.”"I have lost my sleepand I'm in trouble.""O God, I have lost my sleep.”"O God, I have lost my sleep.”"She is so pretty, Godsave her from evil eyes.""Hope she stays away fromthe evil eyes of this world.""When you look down shyly,you cast a spell on me.""When you look down shyly,you cast a spell on me.""Her lovely eyespull me towards her.""0 God. ""O God, I have lost my sleep.”"O God, I have lost my sleep.”"I have lost my sleepand I'm in trouble.""O God, I have lost my sleep.”"O God, I have lost my sleep.”"| feel like giving her allthe happiness in this world.""I owe my whole life for her.""I'm not aware ofwhat's happening with me.""But I'm glad aboutwhatever is happening with me.""I'm not aware ofwhat's happening with me.""But I'm glad aboutwhatever is happening with me.""Her grace is there in the air.""0 God. ""O God, I have lost my sleep.”"O God, I have lost my sleep.”"I have lost my sleepand I'm in trouble.""O God, I have lost my sleep.”"O God, I have lost my sleep.”"O God, I have lost my sleep.”I'm really very sorry.It's my mistake.Let me drop you home. Youcan change your clothes there.....I'll drop you whereveryou want to go afterwards.It's okay, I'll go.But how can I leaveyou in this condition?Please make her understand.Come on, Aman, how will you goto college in these clothes?Go home and change your dress.He'll drop you to college. Andhe deserves this punishment.Saw she is so intelligent?She is speaking so wisely.What?- Yes.I'm ready to face my punishment.....you can't go anywhere, butonly to home in this condition..Go. Go.Aman?What happened, whyhave you come back?What happened to your clothes?Aunt, it's not her mistake. Shewas standing at the bus stop.....and her clothes werespoiled by the muck due to my car.No problem, son, whathappened is happened.You brought her home,that's more than enough for me.Please come inside,I'll get coffee for you.No, aunt, thanks for the tea.Let her change, then I'll dropher wherever she wants to go.Mother, Aman is saying no needto wait, she'll go on her own.Aman is right, son,where will you drop her.She'll change and go to her college.Okay, aunt, as you wish. Goodbye.Yes.Hello.Hello. Is this Sikho house?Yes, tell me.Can I speak to Amandeep?What do you want to tell her?Actually she forgot herbook in my car in the morning.Why are you bothering me?She's in the hospital.She's given birth to athird daughter. Third daughter.How could she forgether book in your car?The whole family is mourning.Shall I give you theaddress if you want to come?Hello.Hello, is Aman at home?- Aman.Buddy, from the day I got married.....I have lost peace,happiness and solace from my life.Actually Aman forgother book in my car today.Okay, how I haveunderstood your game.You keep forgettingyour book in others' car.....and you blame methat I went to watch.....'3 Idiots' moviewith my secretary?I'm the biggest idiot, I'm unaware.....of what ishappening in his own house.I'll commit suicide ifyou try to blame me.I'll also commitsuicide if you stop me.....from watching movies with her.You know she is such a sweet lady.Hello.Hello, Sukhdeep here.Sukhdeep?Yes. I.. I met you in the morning.Yes, yes, son, tell me.Aunt, can I talk to Aman?Wait, I'll call her.Aman.- Coming, mother.Call for you.Hello.Hi, Sukhdeep here.Sukhdeep?Yes, your muck anger.Thank God, you came on the line.- What happened?You forgot your book in my car.....and I lost my cool because ofthe Chandigarh telephone directory.| called up at so manyhouses in sector 16.If you say can I cometo return your book now?No, no, it's too late.Do this, come to mycollege in the morning.....and return it there.Sure.Bye.- Bye.Hi, here's your book whichyou had forgotten in my car.I'm sorry, you had to cometo college to return my book.No problem. I got a chanceto meet you once again.....because of this excuse.Then please take our books too,we'll keep meeting.....because of this excuse.Neha.Don't say anything to Neha.There should be some humour and fun.And doctors also say that,laughing is good for health.Right.Okay, bye.Bye.- Bye.Sir, there is no problem withyour car. Why did you call me then?The car is fine, but myspare parts are weak.....that is why I have called you.Go to a doctor if yourspare parts are weak.....why have you called a mechanic?| have come to the doctor.I'll meet the doctordue to your excuse.Doctor, mechanic, because of me?I'm unable to understand you.I'll explain you. You cantake as much as money you want.....but first do as I say.Come on, hurry up.Sir, if you are going to give mecash then leave aside your car.....I'm ready to comeunder a truck also.Go under the truck afterwards,first get under the car. Go.Tell us.What's wrong with you?| forgot my book in his car and hecame to meet me with that excuse.I didn't call him.'I have passed two moments withgreat difficulty in my life...!'..One is before you came andthe other one is after you left!You?Why have you come again?| didn't go. You leftand my car broke down.The mechanic isworking from last six hours.Mechanic. Mechanic.Have you found the problem?Mechanic.Mechanic.Yes, sir, there was a big problem.| went off to sleepwhile finding the problem.| mean to say my eye got swollen.Your job is done,now give me my money.Okay, so tell me what's the amount?Sir, I was sleeping fromlast six hours under your car.....mean I was repairing your car.....So pay me six hundredrupees as per six hours.Take thousand rupees. Go and enjoy.Thousand? Isn't onethousand too much?Too much? Now you'llcut down my money?My name is Teja Silencer.Teja Silencer.Come, I'll drop all ofyou home one by one.No, we stay in the hostel.It will be our pleasureif you drop our friend back home.Why not, please come.No, please don't bother. I'll go.Please.Come on, Aman.Sit, Aman, you are getting a freelift. You know him. Come on, go how.Go.Go.- Go.Beautiful.The city is beautiful. Chandigarh.You won't believe I don'tcome very often to this city.But what I knowabout this city is that.....no city is asbeautiful as this one.The one who sees thiscity falls in love with it.You fall in love with this city.Sukhdeep, you?Yes, once again you forgotyour book in my car yesterday.Oh my God! If myfriends see me today.....they willdefinitely make fun of me.Please, let's go quickly from here.But on one condition.You'll have to drink a cupof coffee with me today.Okay, but let's go soon.Come.Why are you so silent?Say something.What shall I say?Tell me something about yourself.....and ask something about me.About myself,| have a very small family.Me and my mother.My mother is a teacher,she is my world.My mother and I areall alone in this world.We are all-alone in this world.We come and go alone.Well, I would like totell you about my family.....I'm from Ludhiana.| have a younger brotherwho is studying in Dehradun.....he lives in the hostel.| lost my mother long back.My father and grandma raised us.Father used to handlethe factory before.....but I'm handling it now.There are many servants inthe house to look after us...But [ want a girlwho will take care of me.Shall we leave now? It's too late.It's not too late.If you don't like my face,then I have to go.| have taken my book today.| didn't feel likegiving you back this book.But tell me something, didyou really forget this book.....or was the book leftunknowingly in my car?What do you feel?Both the things suit me.One if it was leftlike this only in my car.....I could meet you with that excuse.If it's like this,then keep it with you.We can meet without this book too.Doctor, please check my pulse.What happened to you?My heart keepschanting somebody's name.....which only I can hear.Whom else do you want it to hear?To the whole world.| want that we become famous like.....Romeo and Julietin the whole world.Aren't you scared?Not at all. I'll elopewith you like Mirza.....and we'll become famous inthe entire medical college.Don't you want that| should pass with.....good marks in my final exams?Well, I was talking aboutafter your final exams.....you are faster than me.Aman, I want to talk a lot with you.Shall I tell you something?"Our eyes met and we fell in love.""Yes we fell in love.""Our eyes met and we fell in love.""| feel as though| have met my God.""We didn't come to know when wefell in love with each other.""When we fell inlove with each other.""Don't leave me alone evenfor a moment, my beloved.""You are my world.""Beloved, you aremy sorrow and joy.""Beloved, you aremy sorrow and joy.""Yes, it's you, my love.""Yes, it's you, my love.""You are the joy of my life,what more could I ask from God?""You are the joy of my life,what more could I ask from God?""What more could I ask from God?""| see you and only you everywhere.""| see you and only you everywhere.""| see you smiling in the wind.""I swear on God, I seeonly you everywhere I see.""| see only you everywhere.""You are the most beautifulgift to me in this world.""Beloved, you aremy sorrow and joy.""Beloved, you aremy sorrow and joy.""Beloved, you aremy sorrow and joy.""Beloved, it's you.""Beloved, it's you.""You fall only oncein love in your life.""You fall only oncein love in your life.""You fall truly inlove only once in life.""We'll promise each other today.""We'll promise each other today.""We'll promise each other today.""We'll always be together.""Though we forget everything,but we'll not forget this promise.""We won't forget this promise.""I can't live without you.""Beloved, I can't live without you.""Beloved, you aremy sorrow and joy.""Beloved, you aremy sorrow and joy.""Beloved, you aremy sorrow and joy.""Beloved, it's you.""Beloved, it's you."Hi, mother.Sit, child.Dear, I'm watching thatboy with you from many days.....do you like him?Like? No mother,it's nothing like that.By the way, what do you feel?| liked him from thevery first day I met him.Now you tell me what's inyour heart, how do you find him?Mother.If it's like this, then tell himto speak to his family members.Okay, now keep it down.And get a clean plate,I'll take it to the Gurudwara.Guess who it is, grandma.My Sukhdeep, who else?Grandma. How did you recognise me?Son, the fragrance of grandson ismuch lovelier than that of a son.And I can recognise youeven from a far distance.Tell me what were you doingin Chandigarh all these days?What was I doing, grandma? |was looking out for someone.....who could take care of you.Care-taker for me?- Yes.The one who feeds youbefore you eat your food.....massages oil in yourhair before you go for bath.....and massages your feetbefore you go to sleep.Alright. Why don't yousay it clearly that.....you have chosen agirl for yourself?Okay, grandma, so youknow that I'm in love.....the supreme courtis sitting outside.....please go and takehis permission too.So now you need your grandma?Don't worry, I'll talkto him today itself.Thank you, grandma.Vikram Singh, order foryour son's wedding cards.....your son has selected a girl.- Really, mother?Ask him if you don't believe me.Sukh.- Yes, father.What, father?| had sent you to Chandigarhwith the income-tax papers.....and you came back falling in love?Come, sit.Tell me about the girl's family.I don't know much in detail.Yes, I know only this much that.....her father is no moreand the girl is doing MBBS.| have met only thegirl and her mother.The family seems to be good.But they are not wealthy.Money is not important. Lots ofwrong people have money with them.The girl shouldbelong to a good family.She must be from arespectable family.Am I right, mother? What do yousay, shall we go to Chandigarh?Let's go and see our son's choice.It's a very good idea.From my side, let's go now.Well-done, child.The girl doesn't have a father.....but you still educatedyour daughter so well.| would say that we are luckyenough to have found your daughter.....who is so talentedand well-educated.....to become thedaughter-in-law of our family.Thanks a lot,grandma. I'm highly obliged.By the way, tell mesomething about your background?| didn't get you.Tell me something about the girl's.....maternal parents' andgrandparents' village?| represent girl's maternalparents' side and grandparents' side.My daughter and I live alone.Look, there aredifferences in families.But the absence of relativesin a wedding looks very bad.Okay, if youinsist I will ask them.....but I don't feelanybody will come.Mr. Sekho was working asan SDO at which place?Fatehgadh Saab.Fatehgadh Saab?My friend Malkit Singh isworking there from past many years.Malkit Singh Bhullar?Yes.He's was a very goodfriend of Aman's father.It's a very good thing then.Let it be,let's not discuss all this.Have some sweets onthis joyous occasion.So Mr. Sandhu, how did youremember me after so many days?Lawyer, I wanted to getsome information from you..Was there anybody namedSatnam Singh Sekho working.....in your electriccity board? He was an SDO.Satnam Singh Sekho? SDO?Oh yes, I remember, there was one.....but he expired 20-25 years back.Yes, I know that.But his daughter isdoing MBBS in Chandigarh.....she'll become a doctorafter two years.My son Sukhdeep has gota proposal from their family.His daughter?But Mr. Sekho was unmarried.Yes, he got engaged.Few days before his wedding.Mr. Sekho died in an accident.Then how was hermother saying that.....the name of the girl'sfather is Satnam Singh Sekho?She has to say something,after all her daughter.....is going to get marriedinto such a rich family.What is your opinionabout this proposal?Leave me, Mr. Sandhu, there is nomatch between both the families.And now are you going to getyour son married to a girl.....whose mother is unmarried?The girl's uncles and auntsdon't keep any relation with them.....due to fear of disgrace.Do you want to get your sonmarried into such a family?Vikram, is there no way..no way through.....which we can goforward with this alliance?No, mother. That girl isdaughter of an unwedded mother.| will never allow myson to marry such a girl.But son..Grandma.Hello, father.Hello, grandma.Hello. God bless you.Please be seated, Sukh.| want to discusssomething very important with you.Son, you went to Chandigarh andchose a girl for you from there.....we accepted everythingwithout seeing or doing any enquiry.Yes, father.You said that theyare not very rich.| told you that it doesn'tmatter to me if they are not wealthy.God has blessed us enough.But she should hailfrom a good family.Thanks a lot, father.Well, in such mattersusually the girl's parents..'...come to the boy's house.....I didn't bother about that too.We went to theirhouse along with grandma.Yes, father. But what's the matter?Son, the matter is very serious.The girl's mother said that.....the girl's father'sname is Satnam Singh Sekho.....but she was nevermarried to Mr. Sekho.She's a daughter of an unwed mother.But father, it's notAman's fault in this.Those kids who areraised in the orphanage.....even they are not at fault.....but they don'treceive everybody's love.Father, I agree that Amandoes not have a father.....but she has her mother.Try to understand the matter, son.Tomorrow when we'll go to the girl'shouse in your wedding procession.....and if there are norelatives at the time.....of the introduction ceremony.....you only tell me, won'tour family's name be defamed?Tell me.This means you arerejecting Aman's proposal?I'm helpless my son.| can't do what you wish me to do.I'm sorry.Alright, father.....it maybe your decision tonot bring Aman into this house.....but to leave this house forAman can also be my decision.Sukh, my son..| can very well understandwhat you are going through.And your father is alsofeeling sad about it, son.Try to understand him.Don't be so adamant.Am I acting adamant, grandma?It's he who is being so stubborn,he's making mountain of a molehill.Yes.. he's very stubborn.You both were very youngwhen your mother left all of us.Everybody forced him a lot.....but that stubbornman did not remarry.He was.. he wasadamant about one thing...That I'll not getastepmother for my kids.He spent his entire life allalone just for the sake of you both.Son, it's not right to get angry.....for such a small reason infront of such a good hearted father.Small thing?My life is getting ruined and youfeel that it's a small thing, grandma?The alliance of your choicewill ruin your father's dignity.....is this a small matter for you?Son, he's helpless due tothe customs of this society.If.. If you were in his place.....you would have also takenthe same decision for your son.....which he's taking for you."You both were very young whenyour mother left all of us.''Everybody forced him a lot.....but that stubbornman did not remarry."'He was adamant about one thing.....that I'll not get a stepmotherfor my kids."'He spent his entire life all alonejust for the sake of you both."'We'll consider thatwe didn't deserve.....the love of ourelders in our life.That's why no one came tomeet me from my maternal side.That day father andgrandma came home...| felt as though my lifeis going to be complete now.But no, whatever we don'tdeserve in our destiny.....that vacuum never gets filled.Whenever you get married.....don't forget towrite my name on one card."Beloved, I'll waitfor you till the end.""You tell me before goinghow I shall live without you.""You only show me the path,how I will live without you.""My life has nomeaning without you."Why hasn't he come as yet?| don't know why he hasn't come.Hello. Hello..What are you doing?| told you to bring your mother.You brought yourelder sister instead.No, she is..Thanks for the compliments.| look like her sister,but I am her mother.Oh.- Saw, mother.| told you, he is a very nice boy.Take a look. Take a look.Today for the first time, |have worn a borrowed t-shirt.| will get caught today.Son.- Yes?Do you dye your hair?Hear that? I've neverdone anything wrong.How can I dye my hair?| am not that kind of..Why, mother? Do you have a doubt?No. He looks a little aged.| knew it.This is the thingyou won't like in me.Aunt, I am just like other kids.There is only adifference of a month or two.Difference? How so?Usually kids are born in 9 months.| was born after 11 months.That's it.But thankfully my Chindiwas born in the 9th month.Mother, don't considerit to be your miracle.Kids are normallyborn in the 9th month.| was two months late.Dear, did you tell him everything?Yes, mother. Don't worry.He knows everything.- Everything.| know everything.- You don't worry, sister.| end up calling you sister,after all.Actually, I will take care ofher father and her grandfather.Major Natta Singh.At ease.By the way, sir, |didn't recognise you.We have met twice in this canteen.Where are you posted, sir?| mean, where are youposted these days, sir?Posting? Cheerapuniji.As far as I know, there is noarmy unit in Cheerapunji, sir.You are right. As far as you know,there is no army unit there.Actually, it is alittle ahead of that.Correct, sir.Commander used to say the same."Natta Singh, thinkbefore you speak."Right.But as far as I know, it rainslike cats and dogs in Cheerapuniji.No army base can station over there.You are again right.Whenever a base was made, itused to flow away with the rains.Have you covered the basewith a plastic cover now?No. Now we have made it waterproof.Great, sir.| have booked afamily quarter over there.Your family issettled over there, sir.No.| don't have a family.| have taken 15 days' leave,Lieutenant. To get married.| will get marriedwithin 10 days and.....have a honeymoon of five days.....and go back with my family.To Cheerapuniji.| have a girl in mind, sir.No. I don't want the girl to bein mind. I want her in reality.She is real, sir.Would you like to see her?No. No.By the way, I want the girlto have an army background.The girl is..The girl is my granddaughter, sir.Would you like to meet her, sir?Well, if you insist,then I shall meet her.Thank you sir.Come along then. Follow my cycle.You come in your car.Halt.Lieutenant, I cannot goright now. It's time to gamble.You gamble?- No. Not that gambling.Actually, snooker. Youknow a big ball on the table.They are pushed with a wooden stick.If it falls in the pocket you win.Anyway, glad to see you.Let's meet on Sunday at your place.| will see yourgranddaughter at 11:00am.Okay, sir. Thank you,sir. Thank you very much.Mr. Mittal, it's me. Tell me.How did your management committeelike our business proposals?Thank you. Thank you very much.Congratulations, Harleen.Your proposals were accepted.- Wow!With this deal our companywill make a profit of 5 millions.Really?- Well-done.Thanks. Thank you so much.Mr. Randhawa, have youthought about Harleen's marriage?Sandhu, the girl wantsto complete her education.We will see later.What's the use ofthinking about it now?If we start thinking now, onlythen will we get a nice boy.Okay, then.You find a boy for my daughter.....and I will findgirls for your boys.Let's see who succeeds first.Let's see.Hello.May I speak to Mr..It is a very strange name.Harnam Singh, please?Speaking.Well, I am an NRI boy.| have come from Canada.Very good.A nice NRI boy is on the line.Yes, tell me.Actually, you had sent me yourdaughter's photo through email.Son, I have sent my daughter's phototo thousands of boys through email.You too must have got one.Well, I like your daughter's photo.Send your daughter to my hotel.| am staying in Hotel Regency.What do you mean?No. You misunderstood me.| mean you cometo the hotel with your daughter.We will see each other.It is possible that| might like your daughter.Son, does the girlreally need to come there?Is it possible thatthe two of us meet first?Actually, your daughterlooks short in the photo.| think the boy is very intelligent.From the photo heguessed her height.Son, you just say yes,we will increase the girl's height.Look, I am an NRI.We are very choosey.First we should like the girl.If we like the girl, then whatdo we have to do with the family?We don't care if theirdoor is termite infected.Okay. Okay.Hello? It got disconnected.Congratulations, Prem Kaur.This is a very auspicious day.It's not day. It's night.Okay. This is avery auspicious night.A NRI boy is coming for our Chindi.Chindi, quickly get ready and goto Hotel Regency with your father.How did you know that theboy is coming to hotel Regency?You had said that let'smeet in the Hotel Regency.| said so, dear. Yes, I must have.Then dear, get readyurgently to go to hotel Regency.Hurry up, dear.Otherwise someone elsemight claim the boy.Let's go there, dear.Let's go. Let's go. Let's go.Hi.Hello, kids. How are you?The NRI didn't come as yet.A letterbox is coming this way.Looks like he is the one.- Stop your nonsense.NRIs have sharp ears.Welcome to this place. From me.This restaurant.. I am..From the two of you,who is Harman Singh?Obviously.. Singh isusually used with a guy's name.Who told you?You backward Indian people.Who told you that "Singh" canbe used only in a boy's name?Does Upasana Singh tie a turban?Has Gracy Singh grown a moustache?Has Neetu Singh kept a French cut?Actually, son, considering theknowledge you have about India.....it doesn't feel likeyou have come from Canada.Looks like you havecome from Pakabhag.Internet.| do a lot of surfing.If you search the internetyou will get Pakabhag there.I am sorry. I am sorry.I am Harnam Singh, son.Harnam Singh.You didn't tell me.- You didn't give me a chance, son.Mr. Harnam Singh, it'sa pleasure to meet you.Why so, son?Good question.Actually I have met a lotof Harham Singh in my life.But it isn't a pleasure tomeet every Harnam Singh.Look, it's a pleasure tomeet some Harnam Singh.While itisn't apleasure some Harnam Singh.But you are that HarnamSingh meeting whom is a pleasure.Thank you.This girl wants to go to Canada?What is her name?Sukhshinder Kaur. -Sukhshinder Kaur is a very big name.Typical Indian long name.Such names are not acceptedwell abroad. Let me tell you.Over there her namewill be Chindi. Chindi.What a co-accident, son!Coincidence.Actually, we callher Chindi at home.What does she do?- She is a libra-rian.Libra-rian?- Yes. Yes.Oh, I am Cancerian.No. Son, not that one.- Okay.| mean, books, closed, fold,issue, take back.Now I got it. She's a librarian.Yes. Yes. Yes.He is getting frank.Son, what do you do in Canada?| go to clubs, pubs and gofor long drives as well.No.| am not asking what youdo in your free time, son.| am asking what yourprofession is in Canada.Actually, there is a small villageover there. Steven Stone Village.Okay. Okay. Okay.- Four-five of my planes run there.Big planes in a small village?| think I have bluffed a lot.| mean the planes are not very big.They are small planes.Like the ones that run inyour villages. Small ones.They have a pointed nose.Like a pole.He has become more frank.| have three-four berryfarms over there. - Okay.| have four-five radio stations.| have other options as well.When I am free, and if I fallshort of dollars for grocery.....then I drive taxias well, sometimes.He has become very frank.Son, I think the girl who willmarry you will have a lot of fun.Hear that.Even Abhishek Bachchan won'thave as much fun as my wife will.Where do you stay in Canada?| stay in Vancouver.| have a big mansion over there.| have 17-18 cars.| have a car totake from car to car.My wife will have a lot of fun.She will take a car from Vancouver.....and go to Toronto, get thegrocery and come back to Vancouver.Your daughter will enjoy it.My daughter?- Yes.Son, so should |consider this marriage fixed?Fixed? Super fixed.How else should I fix it?Look, I like your daughter.You make passportsfor your entire family.You are talking about passports.Three months ago, I got the passportsof all the family members, son.Still, get them renewed.You never know.Many a times passportsexpire because of non-usage.Passports expirebecause of non-usage?He has become fully frank.Very good. Very good. Very good.What is wrong with you?Distribute sweets, Prem Kaur.We got our NRIbefore his army officer.Chindi will go to Canada. Canada.How can she go to Canada?And not you, I havegot a gem of a person.In the military canteen.- You get rum over there, not gems.| met the captain there.He is coming to ourhouse on Sunday at 11:00am.Captain still has to meet her.We have already made thegirl meet the NRI boy.Next Sunday at 12:00pm theboy is coming to see you.Why? Am I a lion in a zoowhom he is coming to see?You didn't get it, father.He is coming to meet the family.What is that boy's name?- NRI.Stupid, can NRIever be anyone's name?| forgot to ask his name.- I wonder which fraudster he met.Okay. I have met you. Youcan meet him next Sunday.Fine. This is the lastchance for the two of you.If anything goes wrong |will get my daughter married.....to the person I want.Look, now Chindi will go to Canada.No. I will settle Chindi in thewaterproof base in Cheerapunji.Stop it. Now both of you calm down.This will be decided on Sunday.You are a wonderful girl, Harleen.| have never seen a girl like you.Oh really!By the way, how manygirls do you know?Well, I know at least 100 girls.01:20:38,772 --> 01:20:42,834Okay. Not 100, but I know10-12 of them very well.10-12.Shall I tell the truth?| know only one girl.Harleen.Rajveer. Rajveer. Rajveer.- What happened?Rajveer. Their parentsagreed to their alliance.That's great.- They are not giving us a party.Not a problem. I willgive everyone a party today.O Yes!kay? - Okay."We are bad in Botany.""A small peg.""We are bad in Botany. A small peg.""Along with kebabs.And beautiful company.""I have a request. My only request.""Let us be free. No oneshould ever stop us, brother.""The rest of our work..""The rest of ourwork is okay, brother.""The rest of ourwork is okay, brother.""The rest of ourwork is okay, brother.""We love to climb up onthe open rooftops cars.""We love to climb up onthe open rooftops cars.""We make sure to go toGeary route everyday.""The style of our jeans.""We have two mobiles.""The style of our jeans.We have two mobiles.""There is always asmile on our face.""No one should everstop us, brother.""The rest of our work..""The rest of ourwork is okay, brother.""The rest of ourwork is okay, brother.""The rest of ourwork is okay, brother.""Brother, let peoplesay anything about us.""Brother, let peoplesay anything about us.""We have no worries. Weare happy with what we do.""When the day comes to an end.""We feel restless.""When the day comes toan end. We feel restless.""Now we drink openly. Earlier weused to drink stealthily, brother.""Stealthily, brother.""The rest of our work..""The rest of ourwork is okay, brother.""The rest of ourwork is okay, brother.""The rest of ourwork is okay, brother.""The rest of ourwork is okay, brother."Hello.Hello. Who is speaking?Lieutenant Natta Singh speaking.Not Lieutenant Natta Singh.Say Lieutenant Natta Singh Alhuwala.Captain? I didn't get you.If you didn't, then youshould die out of shame.What are you saying?Why? Is there a problem dying?I think you are in amood to joke today, Captain.Joke?That too with acorrupt person like you?No way. Never.Corrupt?Lieutenant, when you were a 'Langri'(kitchen help) in the army.....weren't you caught in 10 -sacks-potatoes-gone-missing case?No.That issue got cleared later.The thing is our brigadierhas arranged.....for a personal religious meal.| had sent the potatoes there.Potatoes were used for a good deed.What good deed?The case went on for a year.You had to wander for1% years for pension.| would rather stay single.....than becoming son-in-lawof such a corrupt person.Captain, forget the rest, tell me.....who told you about the potatoes?Thanks to someonecalled Harnam Singh.....who told meeverything on time and.....saved me from being ason-in-law of such a corrupt person.What?Sir?Sir. Hello. Sir.Harnam.Harnam.Harnam. Where are you?| have gone to Pathankot.Can't you see me standing here?Who told CaptainTungahari that I was.....involved in the potato case?Father, one can findout truth from anywhere.And then, the news about this case.....was even printedin Akali newspaper.Let it be. I know everything.To make the girl marry an NRIboy you made my officer run away?Tell that NRI that if he enters thishouse, then I will blow him apart.The gun is loaded and so am I.Chindi darling, where are you?NRI, son, I welcome home.Are you alright, father?Okay. Okay. Prem Kaur.Is he yours? Or does hebelong to someone else?Wait, I will tell you.Answer waste.Do they addresssons-in-law like this in your place?Wait, I will tell you.| will tell you.| will tell you.Father, what have you done?You made my NRI run away.You made my officer run away.| made your NRI run away.We are quits now.You have done what you could.Now should I show you what boy| have selected for our Chindi?This is my NRI boy.This is my captain from Cheerapunji.Father, talk senseat least sometimes.How can one person be at two places?Are you talking about HarinderSingh Tungahari Cheerapunji?And are you talking aboutLali Canadian with small planes?Yes.- Yes.You got mislead.Actually, we are triplets.Triplets?Son, I have heard of fritters.What is 'triplets'?When two kids are borntogether they are twins.We three were born together,hence we are triplets.Thank God four of youweren't born together.....otherwise youwould have become broad.Don't act very smart, son.Tell me, did you knowour daughter's alliance.....is being fixed into your family?Our entire family knewthat your daughter's.....alliance was beingfixed into our family.But I think yourfamily didn't know.....that your daughter's alliancewas being fixed into my family.Saw?This proves that the boyis from a good family.Mother.Listen.| don't care whichfamily you belong to.You bring my officer back.You can keep his officer with you.You bring my NRI back.They were fighting for youdaughter at the Push Street.The officer shotthe NRI and ran away.And you know that suchofficers get arrested.Yes. He too will get arrested.| too was arrested.The NRI was very naive and innocent.He lost his life for her.Thank God nothinghappened to our Chindi.God settled everything on its own.Come on, son. Touch their feet.Give your blessings to the boy.Hey, boys!You are looking sad as if you havebeen thrown out of the college.....and now your familyis not accepting you.You think this is a joke?Stop it, man.Rajveer is in a big mess.Why? What happened?What will happen?He didn't clear the third semester.He has scored fewermarks in the fourth semester.And the result is bad.Mr. Sandhu, you look sad.....as if you want anadmission in a MBA college.Let this MBA go to hell, Kang.The problem is my MBA.Master ofBiological Aashiqui (Love).That will stop.Now father will takeme out of the college.....and throw me intothe factory machines.No, dear. Don't leave the college.We won't like thisplace without you.Scoundrel, why don't yousay that you will have to.....pay all the canteen bills?And you won't get a carto drive Chindi around.Hear that.We take so much advantage of you.We love you.Then save your friend.Think of a scheme, Mr. Kang.Scheme.Here you go. It's done.Consider the work done.Why are you doing this?Now see what happens.Mr. Sandhu. Mr. Sandhu.Mr. Sandhu, congratulations!Congratulations.Order for sweets and distributethem in the entire colony.Rajveer has madeour University proud.Forgive me,but I didn't recognise you.Forgiven.| mean how you will recognise me.We are meeting for the first time.| am the dean for MBAin Rajveer's University.And I have broughtgood news for you.Your son has done a great deed.Now tell me where youare giving the party.| will surely give a party.....but you tell me howthis miracle took place.Look at this.| have brought this.| forgot the mark sheet at home.He has scored fullmarks in all papers.| mean he has passedin first division.We didn't keep his photo on purpose.We thought some evileye will cast on him.Hello.Hello.Hello.Father, he is the deanfor MBA in the university.Mr. Tandon.He wants to meet youregarding Rajveer's result.Okay. Okay. Okay.Where are you going, sir?Let us listen to what he has to say.| am sorry, Mr. Sandhu.| am feeling embarrassed tosay that your son Rajveer.....has failed the fourth semester.And now, he is outof the University.Strange.This dean is sayingthat he stood first.And you are saying that heis out of the University.Who is telling thetruth and who is lying?Sir, you are thedean of which place?| used to be a dean before you.Now I am the viceprincipal of a private school.| was here with some Bunty's result.6th grade student.| think I havebrought the wrong paper.| think I have cometo the wrong place.The houses in thiscolony are so similar.| didn't come to know.You have come to the right place.Now you tell us who you are.| think that is Mr. Kang.Mr. Kang, tell me, what I shoulddo with you for what you have done?Forget the deed,look at the performance.That's it. What should you do?Forgive people likeme and let them go.So, Mr. Tandon, what should we do?Mr. Tandon, he ismy brother's friend.Forgive him.| will forgive the dean,if you say so.Bye.There is a limit to shamelessness.Rajveer, it's very late.Don't you want to go home?What should I do, Harleen?| don't feel like it.Now you realise it?You didn't listen to mewhen I kept telling you.Yes, Harleen.| am realising my mistake today.People tell the truth.One shouldn't waste time.Otherwise time wastes you.Ragging is illegal.But what you aredoing with her is legal?Mind your language, Richie.| am already in a very bad mood.It is better ifyou leave this place.We are here to cheer you up.You got me out ofcollege for seven days.And I want to send you tothe hospital for seven days.Richie, I told you I am notin the mood to fight today.Don't mess with me.Excuse me, sir.Surinder, take her home.Take them to the police station.| had never in my lifevisited a police station.....and you went to the policestation fighting for a girl?During the day we got your result.....and this is whatyou did in the evening?| don't know whether |should send you to factory or not.Young girls work there as well.Please, father.Father, I agree thathe has made a mistake.But please, don'taccuse him of that.Till when will you pamper him?Vikram Singh, whyare you after his life?What crime has he committed?And consider his agebefore talking to him.Nowadays parents thinktwice before telling anything.....to their young daughters.And you are telling him allthis without giving it a thought.Okay, mother. I won't.You tell me what I should do.Quietly get him marriedand settle him down.Once he gets the responsibilityhe will learn everything.Tell me, who is the girl?| will go and talk to her parents.What will you talk about? Andwho will you talk to, mother?First cross the wallstanding in front of him.If we marry the younger onebefore we marry the older one.....then what will people think?Before the world, your son will.Is he a kid that he won'tthink about you, me or his brother?He won't. He won't.| have tried explaining to him.| think no wedding willever take place in this house."My friend, my love.""If I could..""I would not ruinmyself because of you.""If there wassomeone else like you..""I would not ruinmyself because of you.""If there wassomeone else like you..""If there wassomeone else like you.."Sukh, my son.You know what your father wants?He wants.....that if his old mothergets to see her grandsons.....then perhaps shewill die in peace.Grandma, please don't dosuch a thing, for God's sake.| wouldn't have, ifyour mother was alive.But what do I do?My last years areslipping away from my hand, son.Grandma..Yes, son.We all want to see you married.Just once be an older brother andthink about your younger brother.Be a nice boy andthink about your grandma.For how long will I be here?Grandma..| am telling the truth, son.If you agree to get married.....then I would refuseto leave this world.Your life is moreprecious than mine, grandma.| pray you live for 100 years.Son, we have lost our patience.We all want to see you married.Fulfil our wish, son.Give us happiness, son.Grandma, ifeverything depends on me.....then get memarried wherever you want.Really?- Yes.Never talk aboutleaving us, grandma.My son. My child.You don't know whatyou have given us, son.I will go and give thisgood news to your father.My child.Kram Singh.Why do you look so sad?Go to the Sikh templeand give an offering.Sukh has agreed to get married.What are you saying?Grandma..Grandma, brotheragreed to get married?Yes, son. Yes.Kram, call Randhawa and talk to him.Hurry up!Why uncle Randhawa, grandma?Son, Sukh agreed to marryRandhawa's daughter Harleen.Vikram Singh. Get up.Quickly call him up."My dear. My dear. My dear.""If you wish to enjoy love.""My dear. My dear. My dear.""If you wish to enjoy love.""My dear. My dear. My dear.""If you wish to enjoy love.""Always treat her like a princess.""My dear. My dear. My dear.""If you wish to enjoy love.""My dear. My dear. My dear.""If you wish to enjoy love.""| agree to whatever you say.""| agree to whatever you say.""I will do as you say.""Whatever you say.""I have been blessedwith good fortune.""God alone decides our destiny.""Only God can unite the soul mates.""Only God can unite the soul mates.""Your eyes areexpressing your desires.""The heart knowswhat the heart wants.""Your eyes areexpressing your desires.""The heart knowswhat the heart wants.""..Who cares about the world.""The king found his queen.""The king found his queen.""God has made..""God has made..""..A beautiful pair.""Here, hold the ring.""Now you possess her heart.""Now you possess her heart.""Now you possess her heart.""It's a nice pair.It's a beautiful pair.""It's a nice pair.It's a beautiful pair.""My beloved dwellsin my heart, dear.""My beloved dwellsin my heart, dear.""I will go to heaven.""I will go to heaven.""I should die in mybeloved one's arms.""I will go to heaven.""I should die in my beloved's arms.""I will go to heaven."What happened, Rajveer?Why did you get up all of a sudden?Tell me if there is a problem.No, brother.No problem.It is not possible that| don't come to know.....when something is disturbing you.Are you disturbed because ofyour fight with the college boys?No, brother.Today all of a sudden,| am missing mother a lot.| was thinking thatif she had been here.....then she would have beenso happy for your marriage.This is called blood relation,brother.What I should have felt,you are feeling it.You are right, brother.| can also feel that thereis nothing greater than time.It makes us laugh and cry.It unites us and separates us.Look, Randhawa, I fulfilledthe promise I made to you.Promise? - Didn't I tell you, that| will find a boy for your girl?Yes, you did. Did you find any?I did. I did.Now tell me, what willyou give the middleman?A ring or a bracelet?| will give you whatever you want.First tell me who the boy is.The boy?The boy is our Sukhdeep.Sukhdeep?Look, Sandhu, I hopeyou are not joking.Strange. Is thissomething to joke about?You are great, Sandhu.By God, I cannot believe it.You want to make mydaughter your daughter-in-law.| don't want to, |have already done so.Now you ask your daughter whether.....she agrees tothis alliance or not.Sandhu, do you think mydaughter will refuse me?It's not like itused to be, Randhawa.When mothers-in-law used tosee their daughters-in-law.....for the first timeafter the marriage.It is better to askthe kids nowadays.If you say, I will ask her.Harleen is here.Hold on for a minute.Harleen.- Yes, father.Uncle Sandhu is on the line.He has selected you for his son.You tell me.Asked her.She felt shy and went away.Then congratulations to all of you.| will sendSukhdeep and his grandma.....to your place for shopping.You should quickly startpreparing for the engagement.Good morning, Mr. Kang.Very good morning,Harleen. Hello. How are you?Very good.Have you seen Rajveer?| hadn't seen or heard him.I tried calling hima number of times....but he isn't answering his phone.Okay. Then I will go and check.Yes, do that.He might be busy withsome other girlfriend.Hi, Rajveer.Hi, Harleen. Juice?Thank you.Enough.Rajveer, I am very happy today.Really? I too am very happy today.Then first you tell mewhy you are so happy.No, you tell me.No, you.When a person gets what he desires,he feels happy, right?| hadn't thought that yourfather will fix our marriage.It sounds like a dream.No, Harleen.He didn't fix your marriage with me.He fixed your marriagewith my brother Sukhdeep,Sukhdeep?- Yes.No.This is not possible.How is it not possible?My family have alwaysconsidered you for Sukh.But I have always thought about you.| always considered you my own.You are having a misunderstanding,Harleen.| always consideredyou just a friend.Nothing more than that.You went to mybrother's factory for training.They saw you and selected you.And the marriage was fixed.And what about the relationshipthat you formed with me?What was that?What relationship areyou talking about, Harleen?You met me 6 months back.Do you know how manygirls there have been.....before these 6 months?| never thoughtabout marrying anyone.Look, Harleen, youbelong to my brother.He will keep you very happy.Swear by me you won'trefuse this alliance.If we don't share a relationship.....then why are you making me swear?How am I related to you?Rajveer, what do you think?Am I a baby?That I cannot understand anything?Should I tell you, Rajveer?You are sacrificing my love tomake your brother settle down.You are such a cheat.You are such a liar.| hate you.| hate you, Rajveer. I hate you.You love her a lot?No. I don't love Harleen.| didn't take Harleen's name.You shouldn't do that, my friend.You don't know love hurts.Time slowly healsall wounds, my friend.After five yearswith great difficulty.....brother Sukhagreed to marry someone.And now I should come in the middle?The happiness I saw ongrandma and father's face today.....I don't even mind dying for it.Hi, Sukhdeep.- Hi.Hello, grandma.- Grandma.Your phone's battery down?Your phone was switched off.Sukhdeep and his grandmahave been waiting for you.They were waiting for me?Dear, they want to takeyou along for shopping.Father, I want to talk to youabout something very important.We will talk later, dear.Now quickly getready and go with them.Have a look.How is this one, Harleen?It's nice, grandma.What is it, Harleen?What are you thinking about?No. Nothing.We should make thisone final then, Harleen?Hey, Harleen.Hey, Harleen, how are you?We have completed ourshopping for our wedding.Now when are youtwo getting married?He is Rajveer'selder brother. Sukhdeep.Hi.- Nice meeting you.We will make a move.Okay. Bye.- Bye.Bye.- Bye.Harleen.Dear, try out the ring.Sukh, help her.Okay. Bye.Hear that. Even Mr.Randhawa doesn't know anything.Father, the way Harleen left meand grandma and ran from there.....I don't think thereisn't a reason behind it.Mr. Randhawa saidthat the girl said yes.Then what can bethe reason behind it?Rajveer.I'm sorry, father.Father, you don't tell him anything.| will talk to him.I'm totally drunk.Now what should I do?I am so happy for mybrother's marriage.| feel like bathingthe city with liquor.Rajveer.Don't you feel ashamed to talkabout such things in front of me?Father, calm down.| will talk to him.Brother.- Rajveer.My brother.- Let's go."A beautiful girl.."- Father will..Careful.Now my brother's fortune will shine.Come on. Be careful. Be careful.Rajveer, what is wrong with you?You never got sodrunk and came home.Tell me. I am your elder brother.Really, brother. Nothing's wrong.You agreed to get married andgave a new life to all of us.Harleen studies in my college.She is a very nice girl.Only fortunate onesget girls like her.You are a damnlucky person, brother.Dear, keeping quiet won't help.You will have toshare your feelings.Why are you upset?We should know the reason.Uncle, Harleen won'ttell you anything.| will tell you.Sukh, you?Yes, uncle.The thing is Rajveer and Harleennot just study in the same college.....they like each other as well.But when both the familiesdecided to get us married.....my brother kept quietfor the sake of my happiness.And for the honour of your familyHarleen didn't express her feelings.What are you saying, Sukhdeep?Look at her. Theproof is in front of you.She has started crying.But still she didn'texpress her feelings.Harleen, you should have sharedyour feelings with your mother.You could have told your father.You shouldn't keep quiet like this.Uncle, aunt.We will get them married.Harleen, quickly getready and come home with me.And go for shoppingwith Rajveer and grandma.At least thank me.Look here, father.| have caught one thief.You bring forth the other one.Thief?Father, you are preparingfor my wedding unnecessarily.Harleen and Rajveer love each other.Harleen and Rajveer?Yes.Look, I am older than Rajveer.Now Harleen and Rajveerwill first find a girl for me.Father, why did you let him go?| didn't come to know when he left.Hello.Yes.What?Excuse me, madam.Can we see patient Rajveer?We are his family.Sir, he is in the emergency room.You can go this way.Doctor. Is a patientnamed Rajveer in there?He is unconscious.You cannot meet him.Rajveer.Rajveer. What happened, son?Are you alright?| don't know what |am being punished for.You should haveinformed before leaving.| am sorry, father.Father can forgive, but I won't.Without any fault of mine youwere about to give me a punishment.....that I wouldn'tforget even after death.No, brother.Why no?You were givingyour happiness to me.....and trying to settle me down.How could you forget thatmy happiness lies in yours?My life lies in yours.You are act elderwith your elder brother?Couldn't you tell me thatHarleen and you love each other?Listen, we havebrought your Harleen with us.Look over there.Thank you very much, God.You have been generous to our child.Along with God alsothank the doctor.....who brought him to thehospital at the right time.....and started treating him.Where can we meet the doctor?"My friend, my love.""You left my heart.""Then you met me again.""And I lost my soul.""Then you met me again.""And I lost my soul.""And I lost my soul."Dear, we were hereto thank the doctor.....who saved Sukh's younger brother.Aunt, you don't need to thank.It's every doctor's dutyto save a patient's life.You consider that we are thereto give regards to that duty.Aunt, look, the way of God.The manner in whichHe made us meet again.Today all of a suddenyou came to meet us.We are going toCanada after two days.Your daughter'sin-laws are in Canada?No, aunt.Aman got Canada'spermanent residency.She still didn't get married.Even our Sukh didn't get married.Dear, what couldn'thappen five years ago.....can it not happen now as well?Why not, aunt?It surely can.If you still thinkabout my daughter.....then I will happily get mydaughter married into your family.No, mother. That is not possible.| was a daughter of anunwed mother five years ago.And I am her daughter now as well.Are you done, mother?Shall we go?Bye."My friend, my love.""I am ruined, my beloved.""First God got angry with him.""Now you are angry with me.""First God got angry with him.""Now you are angry with me.""Now you are angry with me."Aman, we met and thenparted ways at God's behest.Today he is making us meet again.Grandma has opened all thedoors of our house for you.All of them.Why don't you reason it with Aman?Son, if the main gate is locked.....then open doors are of no use.Your fatheracceptance still remains.Perhaps my daughteris waiting for that.If he accepts, thenwill the wait be over?All the norms of thesociety hold no value.....in front of your and Sukh's love.But it is true that five yearsago I saw the society and not you.Today I am looking atyou and not the society.| hope you will surelyvalue my new point of view.We will, father.We surely will.You gave in for thesake of our happiness.Mother, now there is noreason for Aman to leave.Dear..No, mother. It's too late now.Why is it late?You decided to separatefive years ago, not me.Ask father and grandma how I lived.....for these fiveyears with your memories.In spite of all this I sometimestook care of father's happiness.....and sometimes gave into grandma's decision.Today, I ask you for our happiness.Aman, before leavingat least tell me.....for what crimeyou are punishing me?Announcement.It's time for your flight.The decision is now in your hands.Grandma!What happened?Grandma.Aman, I beg of you.Please don't go.Because if you go, then mySukh's lifetime's happiness.....will go with you, dear.| won't be able to endure it.Don't go, dear.Don't go.Why is there darknessin front of my eyes?What's happening to me?No, grandma.Nothing will happen to you.Nothing will happen to you.Don't forget that yourdaughter-in-law is a doctor.What did you say?Daughter-in-law?My daughter-in-law?My daughter-in-law.My child.Sir, now everything is fine.I, too, wanted mydaughter to miss the flight.....which was separating her from you.Congratulations for thisauspicious occasion, sister.Congratulations to you too, brother.You called me brother.Henceforth neverthink that you are alone.Never say that youhave no one in this world.We are with you.Never.- That's better."My friend. My beloved.""Keeping a hand onthe heart we cried.""We were justdistant from each other.""Our hearts never separated.”"We were justdistant from each other.""Our hearts never separated.”"Our hearts never separated.”"There is a celebration going on.""Heart is very happy as well.""Let's celebrate together.""Let's sing a peppy song.""There is a celebration going on.""Heart is very happy as well.""Let's celebrate together.""Let's sing a peppy song.""Today, openly,freely do as you please.""Do it. Do it.""If you want to dance then say yes.""This is what I tell everyone.""SMS these happinessif you cannot say it.""If you want to dance then say yes.""SMS these happinessif you cannot say it.""This is what I tell everyone.""SMS this happinessif you cannot say it.""Click photographs of the partywhere everyone is having fun.""Today's photographs willbe memories for tomorrow.""Click photographs of the partywhere everyone is having fun.""Today's photographs willbe memories for tomorrow.""This time won't come again.""Don't miss this opportunity.”"If you want to dance,then say yes.""This is what I tell everyone.""SMS this happinessif you cannot say it.""If you want to dance,then say yes.""SMS this happinessif you cannot say it.""This is what I tell everyone.""SMS this happinessif you cannot say it."