Ripped by gdhaliwal23The Punjabis have crossedall the ocean of the world.....and made their residence inthe every country of the world.For the sake of good life.....the Punjabis have lefttheir house, family, friend.....and everything andsettled in Germany.....middle east,Australia New Zealand etc....and they have not leftany country in the world.They have also madetheir destination.....in the England,America and Canada etc.Where they are morein the population.


They have made theirpersonality in all the field.....by their hard work in allthe areas from the business.....to the government job andfarming to politics everything.No one country canignore their contribution.....and they have allwelcomed to the Punjabis.They have also notmake any one disappointed.And gave them a lot of money.But some people took advantage of.....these countries lenientlaws and generosity.And they continue to do so.Though this story is of acity Vancouver in Canada but.....in reality this is the storyof every country's every city.So come, let's seewhether does our story lie.....in these birds who havecome in search for grains.


Name Jasawar Singhalias Jassa Singh.He is the famousadvocate of the Punjab.....and in the hope of a goodfuture he reached to Canada.Name is Vensely Hensy Adumba,a small city of the Kenya .....and came to Canadawhose main purpose .....is earning dollarswith hard work and honesty.This man is very bastard .....and he had not told me onphone that there is so much cold .....in the month of June otherwise.....I would have madearrangement for that.Brother where to keep the goods.It's me, brother.You are speaking Punjabi.-YesCome on.Thank you.From which village are you?Kenya, brother.Kenya?-Yes.Which district?- East Africa, brother.There is no cold.Not at all but there isso much cold in Canada.Well what is your name.My name is Hensely AdumbaBut your name is..You say AdumbaMy mother is also telling Dumba.| came from India in pointsystem and my name is Jasawar Singh.This is very good name.My friend Khanna has brought me.He did not come. He isa habitual late comer.He did not improveeven to come at Canada.Yes-YesCome on nothing.Will you take my case.Yes Khanna.Earrings, mushroomcut and no moustache!Now one hour has passedand why you did not come.No formalities and whyyou are riding on me.Now stop it Khannayou don't trouble me.You can not call me that there isso much cold in the month of June.Jassa in this heat myheart is feeling cold.....and now he become so cool.Yes there is cold. It has been solong since I last saw you, my friend!How is the mummy?Mother is very fine andshe is missing you badly.You know she had sentthe pickles for you.Where it is. Remove it.You come and take from the home.0.K. we will take from home.This is your car.Yes it is mine.Brother you take me also.Who is he?- My brother. - Brother?When was he born?Just.- Here, in the airport?Yes, he came and speakingso nicely Punjabi.That makes him our brothers, right?Oye what is theproblem in the Canada.See there is no problem.But he has nottelephone me and no body came.Then what to do.Let's take him along, pal.- As you wish, Mr. Jassa Singh!As you wish! - Let's go! Let's go!Let's go! - Sit.Thank you, brother.Jassa, tell mesomething about our village.Missing it!| am missing you.....50 badly in the car.Dumba, what are you doing withyour clothes in the backseat?Brother it has become dirty now.Jassa see my house has come now.Oye this is your house.-YesOye this is wealth house.Such a big house.Jassa you have given thehouse to those who need it.This is wonderful there wasso much cold on the airport.....and here it is heat.The weather ofCanada is very uncertain.Anytime it may be changed.Hi, Joe.- Hi, Bal.What is this well.Here the Baldev, baljit andBalwinder are called well.Oh.- I have to make it.No problem in the name. Jassais better than Jasawar Singh.Hi, Bal.- HiWonderful!- This is Canada!Brother, I was talkingabout the dogs.Is this girl going forhunting with these dogs?No, no she is taking the dogs alongso that she doesn't get hunted.This is Canada. Canada.- This is Canada?This is Canada. - Oh my God!Come to the Canada.Khanna you will never improve.You should have kept a servant.Jassa by coming here in Canada .....and American why we willnot be rich then what to do.Here we have to workthe house at our own.Only the ready toeat food is available.OhMy dear friend hereevery thing is clean.A house can be cleanonly with a woman with it.But there the momentis something different.The girls are doingservice only for the husband.You don't tell like this and forthe sake of god don't tell this.Jassa in the village weall were talking this .....and for you now |will not speak. O.K.Khanna.. look for a good job, pal.See Jassa one thing youunderstand properly .....that here the matterof India will not do.In the beginning you have todo the work whatever you get.Okay mister, call your familyand ask them to pick you up.Goodbye, Jassa.- Okay!Brother, to tell you the truth..| don't have anyone here.Dumba you see like ourPunjab here no one pigeon .....will come to fly and sithere in the house of the Canadian.You don't worry, we'll finda way to make a living here.We both will share and eat.And then you speak my mothertongue Punjabi so well.How can I let you wander about?Never! Don't worry.Yes brother let us have food.You make the chapatti.And I will cook the vegetable.You prepare it and then.....we will have it hot. O.K.Look mother, I camehere with your blessings.Now will return only when| make a name for myself.This is my house or some one other.You have done wonder.You're great, Jassa.| have not done it.Dumba has done it.Dumba you are here.Yes he is here and now hehas stopped the Punjabi food.That black guy cooked Punjabi food?- Punjabi food.Hey, turnip, spinach.. mymother used to cook it for me.Brother, I've made some sweets too.Check the sweetness.Check the sweetness. - Sweet?What have you added in it?What have you added?What have you added to it, you fool?- Nothing. Only almonds and resins.You've brought heaven down to earth!Jassa come now I am notworried for the heaven.Whatever I wasdemanding that I got it now.| came here to change the queue.Dumbe you take my phone and tellhim that you will not come there.You will stay here only .....and I will arrange yourwork at the place of Jassa.OK.Thank you God Almighty.Dumba! Dumba! What'swrong with you, pal?Brother I was just making my God.You have also gotthe air of Canada..Then why you are tellingthank you to him. Nothing to me.You are also my God.Brother Dumba you are full of.You are my friend andtoday I am very happy.Come on we both will have a fewpegs of wine. Bring the glasses.Khanna I am sorry.I've promised my mother. I'm sorry.My friend that is O.K.This is a matter of greatpleasure for you that .....your job has been finalized.How much I will get.You will not get the money.Even then.Some 7- 8 dollars.Tell me in rupees.Some three hundred rupees.Daily wages.No they are telling that youcan daily work for ten hours.0.K. Khanna.Now your friend willnever back off from anything!Today is Friday andSaturday and Sunday are holidays.You have to start from Monday.On Saturday.....and Sunday I shall take youto the Venkuwar for holiday.I will also see it.Tell me that you havenot seen the Venkuwar.No it is not like that.I once you will start.....the work then 10- 15 days will go like anything.You will not know it also.-OhThen Khanna youshow me the Venkuwar.There is laughter for silent lips.These are theconsolations during sorrows.There is laughter for silent lips.These are theconsolations during sorrows.Friends' pride!- Friends' honor!It never lost from the world!Friendships!Friendships!Friendships!Friendships!Friendships!Friendships!Friendships!We adore them!The lonely heartswants a friend's company.It's easier to make friendsbut difficult to keep them!The lonely hearts..- Wants a friend's company.It's easier to make friends..- But difficult to keep them!Those who havefriends have God with them.Friendship can't bepriced they are priceless.| bestow over my friend.| can give my lifeaway for my friend.If I get my friend's love,| can forget this world!I'll share myfeelings with my friends.I won't keep any secrets from him.My friend lies in my eyes, mybreath and my heart contains..Friendships!Friendships!Friendships!You feel sad whenyou miss your country.You feel sad whenyou miss your country.The village lanes, old friends..It feels like yourmother is calling out to you!No, no, no, ho, ho, no!No, no, no, ho, ho, no!Forget it! Forget it! Forget it!You've your friends with you!You're not alone, my friend.Come on earn your respect.Go ahead, my friend.Friends are thesupport for friends.Friends reside in your heart.Only fortunate onesget good friends.Friends understand your feelings.God resides in friends.They always tell you the truth.The joy of life!Friendship and friends.There is pride with friends!Friendships!- Friendships!Friendships!Friendships!- Friendships!Friendships!It is very heavy.Dumba..-YesYou are not seen in the office.Don't know.- Then start it now.Start the buckets.Get the berries out!The lawyer has sent herefor the enjoyment and..We'll teach Khanna a lessonwhen we return. - Take this.Dumbe come.Dumba, come.- 0.K. brother see they are coming.Khanna you see whatthe Dumba has done.Being an advocate I havenever been insulted so much.Dumba.. these aren'tberries but Khanna's tricks.Now you see what I do to him.- Okay.Brother you be readyat 4 in the morning.I will come at 4.You go there and dowhatever you want.Wait there! I feel likegiving you a bath here.Brother.. brother..Shut up! Remove your tie!I've got the report.You are the young and evencould not fill up four buckets.And those old 70-80 yearsold men filled in 25 buckets.You are old and I am young now.Tell me! They keptchattering all the way.As soon as the bus stoppedat the farm they got stuck.....to the berries like flies.If you had to make us workon such things then.....weren't the fieldsof Punjab better?Why did I've to come to Canada?Pluck the berries!Pluck the berries! Bloody berries!This is for the hard work.| can not do this.Mr. Jassa you have to work hard.| can not do this much.Lawyer this is not your Patiala.This is Canada. Canada.- What Canada..Here without work themother is also not feeding.If you want to stay inCanada then you have to work.....otherwise go back Punjab.No Khanna I will notgo back to Punjab .....and my mother has done thecontinuous reciting of the guru .....and Khanna you arrangesuch a job for me that .....I can show my potentiality.| can show the waterof Punjab ion that.| can show the effectof the continuous .....reciting of the path of Guru.The people will see theJassa Singh of Punjab.Mr. Singh. - Yes, sir? - You'reriding the best horse of the country.Monster. - Monster? - All you needto do is take him over the hill..Down the hill, but very slowly,very gently. No rush.| understand sir. You want to goon the top and earn the money.Take it around, slowly, gently.Spiritually, naturally.| understand, sir.| don't have to race him. Anyway..I'm in no mood to race today, sir.But make sure he is backfor His lunch and bath. Okay?Don't worry, sir. We'll be there.Oh my God what you have done this.| told him, slowly, gently.- Stop.No problem, he'll come. Yes.By the grace of GodI got your blessings.You gave me love and hid my sorrows.| should have gotten a broken legbut I got saved.Khanna.. you're the roof over myhead. You get me out of a valley.....and then throw mein front of a devil.| wonder where elsedo I've to go.Firstly there seems to beno feet of mother's prayers.Wonder when I willget The fruits of it.Idiot. I'm.. You fool!No! No!You have run so farlike Milkha Singh.I did not run but thatmonster has compelled me to run.He was running behind me.....and if I would nothave run then what to do..Sir I told the master onphone that his horse .....is very muchwonderful and running faster.Speed.. when youhave hit by your leg.She has been escaped.Saved! Idiot, if you had to hit.....then you should have hit somewhereelse. Directly on the point!She has been escapedand Jassa has hit her.Then its okay. Leave it.Now no more legs and no more horse.| said sardarji whatyou will have to do.Khanna after allhe is advocate and.....everybody behave him like this.Oh! Oh! - This is what you wanted,right? Good luck.Yes Dumba it wouldbe better for you .....and this is the top ofthe top place. Follow me.Why do you hit me?Why hit me, you fool.I'm like glassware.Dear, how would you like your bath?Normal bath or special bath.| mean very special bath.Special bath for special things.Only the poor bath everyday.Dumba. -Oh no!Dear you see that trayand rest I will see here.That brother was talking this.Okay. Okay. Okay. Let me go.Dumba, I'm doomed,we're gone from here too.It's all.. I'm okay, sir.-I'm sorry.It's alright, sir. OnlyOne left, sir. Full, sir.Mother should havetaught me to wash utensils.Good evening. Good evening.- Good evening.There was phone ofThe owner of Hotel.This is good news for you.The owner of the hotel hasdismissed you on the first day only.And he is filing acase of damage against me.He said Jassa is a falsecoin which can not run either.....in India, Punjab, or Canada.You are burden on earth.He washed such good utensils.Well who said this? I amdoing my work properly.That you are doing a great work.You have done nothing.You've just been sitting idle.Just sat idle!Nothing can happen of you in Canada.Now you go back to India.Now stop it my friend.You have spoken more.| can take care of myself very well.Have you ever thought about my mother?Have you ever thought about her?He looks less of a lawyerand more like a gangster.You remember thepromise to father or not?Jassa my father has done L.L.B.and your father has givenyour responsibility to me.I have never realized this mistake.You are useless and I canNot do anything for you.Jassa I can not do anything for you.Khanna only you can do it.I understand that what I can do.| have not wasted my time offour years in the Patiala court.| want the same atmosphere thesame black uniform and the stamp.The true or false witnesses.Khanna I will work.One thing you tell methat what you know.....about the court of Canada.This is not the court of Patiala.That I know very well Khanna.You remember that theshopkeeper was giving you sweet.That Jhajjhu sweet vendor.YesThis is my first andthe last love. Yes.She had not giventhe Reply of my letter.Even Rani, Preet and.....inspector's daughter didn'tgive you a reply, right?She had replied to you to myletter. But she had not sung for me.Jassa! Jassa! Jassa! Jassa!I couldn't settledown because of you.See you are talkingthis and I have taken it.But we both are having the sameluck. After all I am the advocate.Jassa you know me since childhood .....that I am very much emotional man.Today you are my assistant. O.K.Yes you do one more thing.Without asking anything to me..As if every body knowsthat I am leading the case.Khanna sahib sees theMartin are a rich .....couple but fouradvocate for one case.What is it, please clear this thing.This is a very complicated case.Its case of Mr. & Mrs.Martin's divorce matter.They both love somuch to each other.It is wonderful when theylove so much to each other.....then what was theneed to file the case.Two years back before the deathof the mother of Martin said.....that if the elder Martin wouldbe there then he give gift of Kiss.You mean a dog?- It's now a dog.It was a puppy then.He was the god that thatpuppy was so loving .....and Mr. and Mrs.Loves him so much.He was staying all thetwenty four hours with them only.It sleeps in their room,goes around with themalways with them and that puppythat dog became very possessiveSo possessive that itdoesn't let them do anything.What do you mean to this?Nothing means nothingcan be done in this .....and Mrs. Martin is verymuch troubled by that dog.She wants divorce.This is the complication.What is the complication?This is very simple case.....the dog should what..what is the name of the dog?Marshall. - Okay,Marshall. After all it is a dog.Put the dog to work.Jassa!- I mean Mr. Jassa Singh.0.K. I am coming to take fresh air.Khanna sahib leaves it.Our advocate has left it.Yes there is a complication,we need more lawyers.The case is very difficult.Okay, take down the notes.Very good Khanna thisis very interesting.Within ten minutes |understand that .....why your practice isnot going on properly.It's a strange country.If this case could havecome to a court in Punjab.....then the dog would havebeen encountered by now.Khanna wouldn't haveto get into this mess.And there wouldn't be somuch burden on my mind.What a country this is!I didn't meet a singleresponsible person till now.Does one only love cats and dogs?Yes?- Waris Shah, .....hide it from the world.Even if you're have thejaggery which belongs to you.People, this is just a feeling.A emotion, a light,this love is a herb.....which grows in thecourtyard of heart.Neither you nor I know where.....you will find love.I'm.. I'm so sorry. So sorry.No, I'm sorry. I'm sorry.It's my fault.| was looking at you so..unknowingly..It is wonderful.What you mean.First it was wonderful andagain he came to be wonderful.| swear strange thingskeep happening since morning.Your files.Really I am very sorry for that.It's alright. Should I escort you?No thanks. I am fine.Really it is wonderful.Oh, it such a nice house,it's beautiful.It's very beautiful, Dumba.Dumba, when I was leaving my house.....my mother stood at thewell and distributed sweets.And said Jassa, my son,you're going abroad.Don't keep an eye on something.....that doesn't belong to you.That's why I've cometo return her thing.This file.- Really?| swear on my mother.-Hmm.You ring the bell.Okay. O beautiful, you're..Greetings, sir.Yesterday you left that file.Oh.- The file had the office address.But I managed to find your address.It was difficultto wait for the weekend.Thanks. There are someimportant papers in it.Oh- I could not sleep in the night.| also.Why.| thought that you will be troubled.You have smashed to me andthe file has fallen down.Sorry I came hereand it is so beautiful.What.Your house. Oh.This is not my house. Thisis the house of my boss.Anyway, thank you so much.| really appreciate, misterJasawar Singh but the lovelygirl like you can say Jasawar.Thank you, Mr. Jasawar Singh.If you don't mindcan I say something?YesBye the way your openhair are looking good.What?!Dumba she would be feeling bad.No not.Mother used to say, Jassa my sonthere is no bone on the tongue.You keep it with you only.But I say whatever |feel without thinking.Brother.. her hair..who are you, her uncle?Dumba, you too haveStarted teasing me!I'm not related to her but..| feel as if..Pal, I think I've givenher a wrong impression.What must she be thinking about me?Brother..- Oh, don't worry.Dumba, God will bless us.My head will havea colorful turban.She'll have a lacedveil over her head.Even mother will faint ofshock Looking at daughter-in-law.And she would alsobless us before fainting.Jassa, my son, Bless both of you.May your love last forever. Mayyour friendship last forever.Bless both of you.Bless both of you. Jassa,your pair.What I am Jassa thatday he was on the horse.Don't dream about your marriage.You'll fall from the wedding horse.Pal, I can dream onsitting on a horse.....elephant, donkey or an ass,why does it bother you?Yes?- Brother, this is Canada.Only the rich marry in Canada.He must have a big bungalow.He must have a bank balance.Pal, I've been here for 10 years.And I couldn't earn enough to marry.You too would havebeen Married, Khanna.....had you had a littleromance in your heart.And if you were a sweet talker.What sweet talker, thereis no sugar in the tea.What he says!-You add it.Brother.. brother, no worries.Dumba is here.Here comes Dumba from Kenya!Brother takes the snacks.What have you done, Mr. Dumba?'Shacks'!Sir, get out of yourDreamy wedding. Fast.Eat snacks.Leave snacks. Jassa I wantto discuss something with you.Eat it.- Okay, if you want me to.How was it?| don't take snacks in my life.Dumba has prepared it.- Yes.Very good, Dumba.- Thank you, brother.Why not we also startthe business of shacks.'Snacks'? - Yes. - Pal,where will we sell the snack?Yes the mobile snack.See there must be variety ofsnacks from potato. - No, no Jassa.We'll makedifferent kind of 'Snacks'.Small 'Snacks'. Big "Snacks'.Medium 'Snacks'.Vegetarian "Snacks'.Non-vegetarian 'Snacks'.Spinach 'Snacks'.Fenugreek 'Snacks'. Potato "Snacks'.Cottage cheese 'Snacks'.I'm telling you such avariety of "Snacks'.....that people will get shocked.And we'll same ourcompany Sexy 'Snacks'.We don't even know whetherpeople will buy it or not.But we're sure to get thrashed.-Why?Listening to the nameof the company, pal.We just have to sell 'Snacks',right? - Yes!Then think of a nicename for the company..Only 'Snacks'.- Good.Very good idea.Then let's do it!Thank you Mr. Telona. Yousanction the loan us urgently.Excuse me. Mr. Khanna you havegiven all the information ...And I willcomplete other formalities.Now you ask yourfriend Dumba to introduce.And your brother mister..- Jassa Singh.I am happy to meet you.Thank you very much.- I'll give you my card.If there is any other queryplease feel free to give me a call.Sure, sir.- Anything I can do for you.Thank you.- All the best for your 'Snacks'.Thank you.- My documents.Thank you.- Good luck.Wow Jassa.The spices are very nice.Very good.Very good. - Then shouldwe begin? - Let's do it!Young Jatt boys drive trucks.Young Jatt boys!Young Jatt boys drive trucks.Have now become confectioners, Dumba!Dumba, tell me whodid that to your head?Dumba.- Yes, brother? - Wonderful.Today also it is highlighted.What.You will not get single shacks.Really?- One more time you go and meet.Good.Brother Jassa, here. 300'Snacks' have come back.What happen?What is to happen? ThatBengali has given four dollars.You are selling shacks or masosa.This is the ordinary item.Oh my God, what a waste.Oh what happen to you?It is a challenge for us.OX.Yes.You remember my one thing.One day this one snackswill be sold in one dollar.Brother you do my work.You save me from this dog.You listen to me.I will bring to those peoplewho will do your work. - Yes?I will come and save you.Then pay the cash.O.K.- We will do afterwards.But brother..- Understood?You understand.Yes, I understood. Brother,the dogs are very dangerous.What will be the useof the money if I die?You don't worry Dumba. |will go to your village .....and then make a nicestatue of yours. Okay?Brother.Just.. just.. just.. just joking.Yes, joking, joking, joking.- Joking, joking.That's better. - Okay,brother. I've an idea. - What idea?Shouldn't we change theplan a little? - Okay! Okay!Yes. I understood. You mean,| should go face the dogs.Right.- The dogs should bite me. - Yes.I will save you from dog bite.-Yes.That idiot advocateknows what happen.If I will go to thehospital then who will guide here.But brother the girl is very nice.What do you mean?Brother, I'll have aburden on my heart.Your mind is over here.What is that?Khalsa belongs to the Lordand may He be victorious.That's it! Don't keepburden on the heart.You go and do the prayerand the worries will go.If the burden is heavythen offer 11 dollars.But looking at the burden ofyour mind I think we'll have.....to offer non stop prayers.OK.Dumbea this is the life.If your burdensincrease then go to God.Offer 101 dollars.And with nice calmclean mind start first.But brother in the name of dollars.Jumbe I am notlistening anything in the car.You come and see to me.Sure?- Didn't I tell you?Okay. Let's do it!Come on!- Yes. Come.So what if we're alone?Hey puppies.Dumba!- Sweet babies.Come on, come on. - Don'tsings songs for them, you fool!| told you to instigate themand you're playing with them.Hey baby!Dumba, pinch them! Pinch them!Hey come on, beautiful dog!Mouth.. mouth.. mouth,put your hand in her mouth.Do it.. they.. hey pal..Put your hand in its mouth, pal.We'll be in troubleif the woman comes.Pull its tail, fast. Pull the tail.Give it to me, pal.I'll do something with it.It has been an hour.Round and round we go..Hey you!- Together we go!What are you tryingto do? Kill my dog?What have I gottenmyself into, mother?Babe? How dare you!I'm not your babe!Hey! How dare you!- Mother.. I meant mother..Give my dog.- Mother.I'll sue you.- Already urinated on me.What happened?What happened? What did you guys do?Brother, I and Dumbawere sitting there.| said to the dog tocome and play the cards.They were not tryingto kill your dogs.They.. they were..- Very lovely dogs.They love the dog.They love dogs. Theylove dogs. They love dogs.Bad smelling. - What are youguys doing? This is Canada.Sorry, brother.- Not sorry this is mistake.Apologize to her!Jassa this is Canada.They were very sorry.They are very sorry. - It's okay.Next time you take permissionfrom Ms. Suzy.Next time you takepermission from her.See they love dogshave a lovely day.Come on and you willbear me in Canada.That was a very stupid,idiotic idea.Get yourself bitten bydogs and sue the dog owners.Jassa, I'm sure this is your idea.My dear cousin here all thedogs are earning like this.You don't read the news paper.| am daily reading the news paper.But the girls are like this.A legal hook whichtraps a rich fish.It is good that |reached in time otherwise .....they would havefiled case against you .....and we would be inthe police station.Be grateful that sheagreed that you're dog lovers.They both dog loverswere sitting there.Brother.- What you were doing.They.- What else.Brother I love dogs andthey daily eats shacks.Come here.- What? - Smell it....the snacks would be better.| understand.That dogs are eating snacksvery interestingly. - Yes.By this our businesswill be increased.See the dollars are requiredfor expanding the business.And there is no betterbusiness than sue business.Earn millions and establish only'Snacks' worldwide.Didn't I give you the dog's idea?Jasya you listen to me.Yes.What is this?NoNo my friend if yourequire this one..He is the advocateof the Canada only.Leave it.Okay, Come here.This is wonderful place.You will get the quality goods.Hello, sir.- Hi. - Just have a seat. - Yes.Thank you.- Thank you. - Thank you.Dumba. - Brother. - The spices?- Yes, brother. I've them.Good.-Yes.Jassa. Do you remember the plan?What plan? Let'splan a family today.Jassa, India not Canadaneeds family planning.Khanna, I think this placeneeds family planning the most.Look at this. All thefamilies look so gloomy.Look here. Look there.The music is cold, thea Atmosphere is cold..Forget it, pal.Then heat it up likeyou used to in college.Really?-Yes.Go do it, brother!You stay entangled with yourself.....day and night.Life will end one day.But your work will never end.But your work will never end.Listen, my friend, my buddy.Here, have a taste of life!Listen, my friend, my buddy.Here, have a taste of life!Life is short.Life is short.It won't last forever!There plays..There plays..There plays thestringed instrument!There plays thestringed instrument!There plays thestringed instrument!There plays thestringed instrument!You work 2 to 3shifts and make money.You work 2 to 3shifts and make money.You don't spend it, youdon't eat, my friend.What's the use of such money?What's the use of such money?You stayed happystaying hungry in the village.You stayed happystaying hungry in the village.In your own courtyard.You act arrogant, man.You act arrogant, man.What does thatstringed instrument says.'Did I lie, my friend?There plays thestringed instrument!There plays thestringed instrument!They earn to live.But we live only to earn.They earn to live.But we live only to earn.It looks like we'vecome down to earth.....just to waste this life.Open your eyes and look around.Open your eyes and look around.Have a look at this world.There plays..There plays..There plays thestringed instrument!There plays thestringed instrument!There plays thestringed instrument!There plays thestringed instrument!Son married a white womanand mother is worried sick.O' God, what should I do...Mydaughter-in-law is not like me.Son married a white womanand mother is worried sick.O' God, what should I do...Mydaughter-in-law is not like me.Mother sits here and thinks.Mother sits here and thinks.The entire villagewill laugh at me.Right, aunt? - You're great,brother. - Wonderful!What does that stringedinstrument says, aunt?What does thatstringed instrument says.There plays thestringed instrument!There plays thestringed instrument!There plays thestringed instrument!There plays thestringed instrument!Love doesn't distinguishbetween color and beauty.Nor does it know of castes.Nor does it know of castes.The emotions.. The emotions..The emotions of love..are felt by the heart.The emotions of loveare felt by the heart.The emotions of loveare felt by the heart.The emotions of love are..are felt by the heart.The emotions of loveare felt by the heart.Your money.Honest, sincerity, hard work.I think even these don't work tillwe don't temper them with a lie.Khanna, do something.What should I do? Start stealing?Pal, I'm a lawyer. I'm not a thief.| was saying no lawyer canwork without a lie. That's all.No pal, we friends havestarted a nice 'Snacks' business.It's good that you came to Canada.You should be grateful to God.I'm very grateful of God.He made me pluck berries.He made me race horses.He made me clean utensils.Or else millions of brothersdon't get out of the house.....for years because they wantto earn 7-8 dollars an hour.Khanna, you're a lawyer.You know about Canadian law.Use a lie, do something.Anyway there is noperson in this world.....who never lies inhis life for his benefit.Khanna, what we needto think about is.....that everybody lie butthere is no image of a lie.Whom should I bow down to?Yes.Do one thing.Come here.Bow down here.Don't talk nonsense.I'm not talking about myself, pal.Anyway, by the way where's Dumba?Yes, where is Dumba?Hey, can't you watch!Hey! Hey man, what are you doing?Hey! One moment, I'll show you!Oh, I'm in trouble.Oh no.Oh no. From where did he come?License and registration.Oh no, I'm doomed.50 plus 40 is 90. 90, 100, 190.Add 10, 200. 200, 300, 350..Khanna.. the milliondollar dream we're having.....do you think it willcome true with this?It will, my pal. It will.See Jassan ten years back.....I came to the Canada withten fifteen dollars in my pocket.Today with grace of God,I've a house and a car too.| don't have that much time with me.See I earned 300.50dollars by selling snacks.Now what to eat and what to save.Time is defeating us, pal.If I could not earn here also.Don't crib about bad times.Face your present with a smile.And your future will smile at you.0O.K. I understand little bit.We'll do that. We'll do that.That's good. Hard work pays.Brother.- Oh no! Look at him.Where is your scooter?Brother, police took thehelmet and the scooter.Oh no!- Now sell "Snacks'.How will you sell the 'Snacks' how?Were the 'Snacks' delivered?The 'Snacks' would have gone cold.| gave them to the cops.Come on!Oh no!- Oh God!Now settle the accounts!- Now make a living.Forget it, Khanna, let's go.This has to go there. And this here.This house is sold andalso another in the call.And theconstruction has begun inside.The house should be complete by..Here, the 'Snacks' are here.The 'Snacks' are here boys.Come on, we'll eat then work.Here's Mr. Khanna.Hey Mr. Khanna. How are you?Hi!- Hi! - Hello, Mr. Khanna.Let's have lunch,boys. We'll work later.Here, let me open it.So how are the houses going?Mr. Khanna, we'rebusy with the houses.....and you're busy with the "Snacks'.Look at them; they don't workwithout eating your 'Snacks'.Bye. Okay, enjoy your 'Snacks'.Mr. Khanna.Bikara, why are youthrowing such small cards?Throw down a queen, a queen.Will you ask this queento cook for you later?Here, mine.- Bhai Singh..The queen has beenleft behind in Punjab.We're at the mercy ofdaughters-in-law here.You talking about daughters-in-law.....our son-in-law isn'tletting us settle down.Look, he is talkingabout sons-in-law.My own son doesn't letme stay in the house.He says I'm an idle oldster.- Look at that.Forget it, pal.What have you started!Talk something sensible.- You're right.We play cards hereto avoid the house.And you still talk about the same.Throw the card.| swear on God, hadI not been attached.....to my grandchildren I would have.....taken out a ticket from myfirst pension and return to Punjab.Look, he wants to return to Punjab.Now no one will give you asecond glance looking at you.Those were the days when we used..No, dear, no. Don't remindus of those heavenly days.Now we've to workeven in our dreams.Be grateful that there are berries.Had there not been these berries.....then wonder where wehad to mob the floor.Pal, throw your card. I'mnot getting the right cards.How will you thinkwhile having stale food?Now he talks sense.We won't like it till we don't get.....Jassa's hot "Snacks' inside us.You're right, we'vegotten into a habit.....of having hot 'Snacks' from Jassa.Wonder where he is today.| came, sir. Here I am!Come Jassa, what took you so long.Here, piping hot 'Snacks'.We were waiting for your 'Snacks'.The game is on?-Yes.Who throw the 8?- I did.You did or he?- He threw it. - He did! He did!Then 8 and 4, 12, throwthe queen and make it!Jassa, get tea alongwith the hot 'Snacks'.Should I get bees too?Jassa, we're already defamed.Forget the defamation,you got the game.My 'Snacks' are here, now I'm free.Jassa, your work is done?Sir, life ends but work never ends.Rightly side.Talk in dollars you're in Canada!Goodbye, I'll make a move.- Bless you, Jassa.Oh!Oh no!No!I'm doomed again, today.Hello again.Oh, hello. You realizehow fast you were going?As usual, that'sthe fast I could go.Unfortunately youwere going too fast.You were speeding. Look there.Oh no. but its Sunday,I'm going to let you go.Really?- Any 'Snacks' left?Yes. 30.- 307 I'll take them all.Are you going to pay for them?Yes, |I am.Wow, good. This is so wonderful!'Snacks' business, very good.How are they for?Well, it's just 10 dollars.Here.- Oh, here.Good.- No, no, no, no. keeps the change.Thank you.- Thank you.Have a good day.- Same to you.| can't believe this.All the 'Snacks' are sold!Oh Jumbia.Yes brother.Mrs. Olive, house number 1195.YesThere is order of 100 snacks.You come with me when |will go for delivering.Yes.-0.K. - Yes.Keep in mind.- Okay, brother.0O.K. like this order of100 snacks should come.Only snacks will be on the top.Yes, Brother.Ring the bell andyou kept chutney also.Yes- Okay.Hello.- Hello.We are fine but you are here.Mrs. Olive's daughter is my friend.It's her birthday.Many happy returns of the dayto your friend. - Thank you.As per order I bring the snacks.- Oh.Keep it in the case; the'Snacks' will stay hot.Thank you so much.How much is the bill?Bill? Forget the bill. Whatdo we've to do with the bill?Here.- Brother!When I said it, I said it.What did you say?Simran, your friend ismy friend.. can't be.But it's your friend's birthday..Can't be.Oh come on Mr. Jasawar.Jassa!- Jas.. Mr. Jassa.It's not going to work like that.Why?- It don't happen like this here.Why?- You can't distribute free goods.How will you make the money?Through 'Snacks' (smallfried turnover). - Oh no!No, I.. .. really,seriously, it's not right.What's wrong in it?We'll charge double.. next time.But not today, I'msharing your happiness.You should share my happiness.There is festival ofIndia happening next week.That has my catering,my "Snacks', my dance.You too will be there.If you attend the fair thenthe fair will belong to us.But please do come.- Okay. I'll see.No I see, Ms.Simran, you've to come.Okay. I'll come.- Thank you.If you don't mind can |say something else too?Yes, tell me, with your open hair,contact lenses will look better.What!Crazy guy! Just keeps running away.When someone play the drums.Or someone plays the flute.When someone play the drums.Or someone plays the flute.One can sense his country.You hardly get a chance!The country.. the country..This fair is faraway from the country!This fair is faraway from the country!This fair is faraway from the country!This fair is far away!Come on!Bless you, brave man!There is no onelike you in this world.Bless you, brave man!There is no onelike you in this world.Wherever you go, youspread the fragrance.The country..The country..This fair is faraway from the country!This fair is faraway from the country!This fair is faraway from the country!This earth has given us life.We should bow down to it.We should bow down to it.We should use whatwe got with care.We should use it with care.We should keepmeeting and share the love.And share the love.We should laugh, dance and sing.When we get free from our work!The country.. the country..This fair is faraway from the country!This fair is faraway from the country!O handsome beloved.O handsome beloved.My body startedemitting fragrance.My heart is dancing, my love.My heart is dancing, my love.The beauty.. hascome as the breeze.You've come as the breeze.| pray that I get youas an answered prayer.| get you as an answered prayer.Come on!Such a nice necklace..of colorful pearls.Such a nice necklace.Hindu, Muslim, Sikh, Christian.Some are black some are white.Some are black some are white.He made friends inVancouver while sitting in Patiala.Brave men of Punjab,God will protect you.Brave men of Punjab,God will protect you.Brave men of Punjab.The country.. this fair isfar away from the country!This fair is faraway from the country!This fair is faraway from the country!This fair is faraway from the country!This fair is faraway from the country!This fair is faraway from the country!| say that's excellent, brother!Simran.What is this?| could not controlsuch happiness. Thank you.Thank you for what.I had gone far away fromjoys and happiness of life.Yesterday I enjoyedafter such a long time.Enjoyed? Then why arethere tears in your eyes?| was missing papa.When I was so kid thenpapa has gone to leave me.I'm so sorry.I am.. having suchluck that at the time.....of my birth my mummy had gone.Papa used to take mein all the function.....and he was verymuch fond of dance.He used to dance totake me in his lap.He came with me in a party.While dancing he got a heart attack.It was his last breathe.I can still hear it.Simraniji the life should go on.In all these problems veryfew people know to smile.Simran {I youremember one thing that.....in this world no body hasgot the complete happiness.There can be manyhappiness hiding behind sorrows.Yes.- You see towards me.| was advocate in India and hereselling snacks. This is wonderful.Jassaji it is too much.What did you say?You are too funny to see .....that in this worldevery man including me .....having somecomplaint with the life.But you are the first man whohad no complained with the life.No complains.- Really?Yes, how do you do that?- Do what?| wish my boss was like that.- Boss?Yes my papa ji. He isthe best friend of my papa.He's my mentor, he loves me.He treats me like a daughter.And, He is like youbut he is not like you.There can be no one like me.| could not do anything in my life.Come on you will do it. Myboss is very experienced .....very hard working, very honest.But he doesn't make me laugh.If you don't feel badthen one more thing.Yes? - You look verygood in Punjabi outfit.Not this time.This time I myselfdidn't want to run away.But you.. weretalking about your boss.Boss in the office but heis my uncle in the house.He was like you aroundyour life. It seems.What you think.Nothing but just a hard corebusiness man D. kaur Hardayal.Which Kaur? Hardayal Kaur?Hardcore businessman.Today for the firsttime the consignment .....of our companycould not reach in time.Mr. Suri you have beenworking here since past ten years.Sir you listen to me.- I don't want to listen anything.| don't expect any excuses.You know very well.| don't want thatbecause of the irresponsible.....manager like you the reputationof our company can be damaged.The consignment has to goin time and reach in time.And listen carefully theword impossible is not in.....the computer of the JJ.V.Foods. Am I clear?Ten fifteen.. where isSimran see this is but I mean.....I have telling this first andlearn to expect to.. Time is money.Good morning, sir.- Morning.Where were you yesterday?- Sir, yesterday was a holiday.That I know. But where you had been.Yesterday three times |called on your cell phone.But you have not taken.I have left themessage on voicemail.But you did not bother to call back.Sir I could not checkthe phone. I am sorry sir.Take Mr. Katial'sfile and follow me.Take care in future.I hit the word sorry. This isthe support of the weak people.Lakhs of the people of theworld are riding on this word.....and destroying the world.Yesterday I have invited Mr.katyal for the dinner .....and thought to get thesign on the contract paper.But could not. Where youhad been yesterday night.Festival of India.- What is this festival of India?I'm sorry, I..- Again sorry?I'm not sorry.First we'll go to Mr.Dosanjh. Then new factory.After that we've a meetingwith Mr. Katial at 4 o clock.Okay.- Come.Good deal.Sir, the rest of thecontract's copy.. - No more, sir.No more work. Do youknow what time it is?Yes.- We'll talk at home.Okay.- Come.Come from there.Mr. Katial was really very happy.He had to be happy.After all he had adeal with J.B foods.Uncle.. piping hot tea.What have you done to your hair?No.. no, no.No, no. It is looking nice.Thank you. Thank you.Tell me, whathappened in the function.| mean festival of India.It was wonderful. So manyPunjabi people, Punjabi clothes .....and Punjabi foods.So much bhangda.Dances. And guess what!- What?| danced!- You did?Yes, I did.- Oh, then I missed it!You've never been to a function.....or a party after Surinder's death.I am sorry my dear. Well tell mehow you reached in the function.| went with this wonderful guy.He's.. he has got anamazing sense of humor.He's funny, witty and.. he's cute.- Like me.Uncle!- He's sweet, he's caring.He's loving.- Again like me.Like you.- What does he do?He is also running food business.Oh then he is definitely like, me.But his business isnot such on big scale.No problem my son.| want to meet that guywho made my classic dance .....and laugh must bring him over.Yes, you must meet him.He's very.. sincere,honest.. very hard working.Okay, that's totally like me.Uncle!Hello!- Hi!Hi what is the matter coat andpant? You are looking so smart.Thank you. It seemsthat your door to door.....snacks business is running nicely.Door to door the same park topark now it is running properly.By the grace of God it is running.Yes ask.You know making tea.Yes but why.Then why don't you join my company?Door to door snacks business.Actually now while sellingsnacks in the park people .....are demanding for the tea also.The people will feel satisfactionto take the tea from your hand.Cloves and cardamom.-Yes| don't like the cloveand cardamom in the tea.If you were born in Girdarba.What did you say? Girdar..- My village, Girdarba.Oh, Who stays there?My mother. Today if I wouldbe having a camera with me .....then take yourphoto and send to her.There is no one except mymother for me in this world.But still for my happinessshe happily sent me away.She is expecting a lot from me.That my son will go to Canada.....and do this do that.He'll make a name for himself.Simran you tell me one thing thatis it wrong thing to earn money.The money isnecessary for a good life.But it is not necessary that goodlife can be obtained by money only.Very good you have said correctly.-YesWhat.Lakhs of dollar.Just you keep laughinglike this and talking.And keep adding to the account.One day we will sittogether and settle the account.Which account?The same account book.0.K. but when youwill meet to the uncle.The account is with uncle.The account of mylife is with him only.Simran you said thematter of my heart.Tell me.See I have nothing with me.What is most important that youare for me? I hope you understand.| understand.Tell me.L.- Say it. I forgot.| complete your sentence.Yes do it.Bye the way idea of the tea withclove and cardamom is not bad.Really?Now can I say something?Tell me.My mother used to say..that if you've a veil.....then you should cover your head.Oh my God!I've to say a lot.But I can't say it.But I can't keep quiet either.| start to speak..| start to speak..And then I shy away.When I see you, I stopbreathing for a moment.When I see you.Even I share the same feelings.Even the moon startedstaying this to the sky.Whom are you.. whom are you.....are dreaming about,you look mesmerized.What did you make me drink,| got intoxicated.The desires shouldn'tfly away like dry leaves.Now it's difficultto live without you.Now it's difficultto live without you.How did you.. howdid you hold my hand.My fingers melted.What did you make me drink,| got intoxicated.My days were sad before you came.My days were likethe thirst for water.| used to see the nights pass by.I got tired counting the days.Now everything looks beautiful.My eyes have started twinkling.The world lookslike a better place.What is this feeling?This is love.- This is love.In my life.. in my life,you came in such way.....that my life became beautiful.What did you make me drink,| got intoxicated.What did you make me drink,| got intoxicated.When I see you, I stopbreathing for a moment.'These countries wherethere weather is cold.'People don't lose anopportunity to soak up the heat.'Weekend and a great weather.....then who feelslike staying at home?''Kids and eldersalike come to parks.'Playing cards withold and new friends.'And what to say aboutthe fun at the beaches.'Brothers, people ofCanada know how to enjoy life.Dumba.-Hmm?You have, made love.Well brother the love which youare talking for that I have no time.At the age of 9 yearsfather expired and then .....I have looked after threesisters and done their marriages.All the love has gone in that only.You were right, Dumba.Then came here to earn the dollars.Where is the time for the love.But brother you arevery lucky that you got .....the girl like Simranas your life partner.You fool, she is yoursister-in-law not mine.But don't you worry,I'll earn a little.Take your sister-in-lawand go back to my mother.But we'll first goand meet your mother.Your village is on the way, right?Yes, yes brother.- Come sit.Where is our village?There.This way? How did it come this way?You think you know a lot?Brother sun sets in the west .....and are home is in theeast don't you know that.West east.. yes Dumba yes.You are correctly speaking.It is a delight to facethe village and breathe.Really brother.Come onWonderful, Dumba. Now |can even see my village.Huh!-What is this?Oh hello let it be good.Oh gosh!- Oh my God.Mr. Dosanjh, what is this?Mr. the car isopen and helmet fight.What.. -Seriously uncle, open car?You're too much.I am not too much, I amthree much, four much.My son daily I waswatching your car .....and thought tohave a car for me also.Today the desire is fulfilled.Mr. Dosanjh.-Yes?I've a suggestion.- Yes, tell me.You pull the neck and pull itone day your neck will be broken.What are you talking? Mr.J.B. you are troubling to all.Seriously uncle, a helmet ina car, I can't understand.You should believe it.My son I have got thehelmet on the car only.People are wondering hereand there for the helmet.You know when the bad timecomes then he is looking like dog.Sir, this is the firsttime I got to know...-That his is avery important thing.Mr. J.B., you don't need it.- No.But dear, I'll buyyou a helmet for sure.Oh no.Come, come I'll offeryou tea. Come inside.You come and first try this oneCome inside it's about to rain.- Try it.Hello yes sir.Today I came here as I got theaddress of my one old friend.Yes Jagmail's.Jagmail's. I want to meet him.Okay, bye, take care.Take it brother you see the test.If you don't remember thecanteen of the Gulati then tell me.Give me.You will enjoy taking the tea.| could not forget the snacksof the Gulati canteen so far.So far while eating| remember them .....and say that every fourth truckon the highway is of my brother.In the Canada he is enjoying.Brother you earn the money .....and bring a good lifeworth of lakhs of dollars.But I had to struggle a lot.But I didn't know that I'llhave to pay back like this.I lost my child, pal.The scenario changed.Brother what is the matter.What is to happen? There were twoboys and both has become rowdies.Spoiled? You should haveslapped them are reprimanded them.They would have gotthem back on track.This country is verymuch disciplined .....and here you cannot do anything wrong.You will be handcuffed.This is also correct.What they are doing. Onlydrinking wine in the night .....and going in the night club.My elder son Geri comeshome late in the night.Oh damn. -Younger son Jason, .....comes in the morning.His mother hold me while she was.....doing his laundry shefound a gun in his jeans.But brother.. what went wrong?You were such a simple man.What can go wrong?It is our fault, pal.When we were workinghard we used to leave.....for work at daybreakand come back in the night.They kids would havegone to sleep by them.But I rememberduring summer vacations.....the younger one, Jason, used totell me to take him to Disneyland.We didn't have the time. Wedidn't have the time then.Nor did we've the money.Now when we've thetime and the money.....one day I asked him son, doyou want to go to Disneyland?He says I don't have time, daddy.To tell you the truth.. I'velost a game I was winning, pal.No.No you don't do that.You listen to me.Take leave for a month and goto the Punjab with children.There they will improve to seetheir home land. You don't worry.This is my personal opinion.You can do and see.This is good.Then what.The tea becomes cold as wewere talking something personal.You want to eat something.Mother..We've to meet, we're his family.I'm sorry, I can't letyou disturb the patient.But.. - I'm sorry to say butthe injuries are very severe.How's he now? What kind of injuries?He might have someinternal head injuries.Head injury?- Yes, he is under observation.Can we meet him, please?Yes, you may.But don't disturb him.God Almighty.Oh God what happen this.Brother he has become mad.Shut up.You got us scared, Jassa.Thank God you're well.Thank God later, dear.First find the driver of that car.The car was a nice one.He'll be rich.You only know about the law of the.....Canada for the complaint.Thank you.Wonderful, Jassa. Youchose Jagpal Bir's car!Wonderful!He is the one.Which killer?No the goat.What is this?Who came here? It seems thathe is the man of long car.OK then.Uncle, are you alright.| was so worried.I'm okay.There is accident. Butwhere was the driver?After coming I myself was driving.| have seen on the signalthat man was crossing the road.But I have not seen him whilecrossing. Suddenly the car turns..Who was he?Is he our man?Is he alright? Hadhe got more injury?| had gone to thehospital to see him.But him condition was looking bad.Uncle I said you several timesnot to drive the car your own.You should have called me.You do one thing youdon't write the name etc.You phone to the doctorand get all the details .....and tell him we needhelp urgently. - Yes.Jasawar Singh?Uncle.. uncle.. wasthere anyone else with him?Uncle.. uncle.. wasthere anyone else with him?No, I mean in the hospital.Was there a black guy with him?Black guy? No.Oh yes. There was one black guy.They were standing out of the room.....and don't know why hewas looking at me only.Oh God.I hope it's not him.Come on, pick up the phone.Hello!- Hello I am Simmi speaking.Simi, who?- Simi. Simran.Simran. Sorry I couldnot recognise which Simran?Can I speak to the Jassa?Jassa? From where you are speaking?From where are you calling?- From Jagpal Bir's residence.What do you want?Please let me talk with Jassa.Madam presentlyJassa is in the Hospital.Hospital?Yes he is listeningeverything but now only the god knows.One more thing you tell theJagpal that by sitting in .....the big car he should notunderstand inspect to others.This accident will proveto be very bad for him.We will never forgive him.I am friend of Jassa.I am also friend of Jassa.But you were said thatyou are speaking from .....the house of Jagpal Bir.What do you want?What you want to know.If you want to know thatJassa is alive or dead then..For God sakedoesn't speak like this.Please let me talk to the Jassa.I'm his friend. PleaseSo are we. And please don'tcall here till the case is over.Case? What case?And tell Jagpal Bir thistime to hire the best lawyer.....because this timeBaldev Raj Khanna .....himself will be in the court.Hellos please don't keepthe phone. Please don't.This is not possible.- What happen? - Jassa! - How is he?Uncle, Jassa..- Jassa?Jassa no this Jassa is my friendof the Festival of India. Oh no!You don't worry,I'll not let anything happento Jassa. Don't you worry.God have mercy.Oh mother.Who are you?Jassa I am Simmi.'Pint' (sweets)?-No I don't want to eat it.| just ate that. No, what did I eat,| ate sweets. Mymother had brought them.Mother was here?- Yes. She was here.| was asleep.Mother feed me and left.Mother is very nice.But who are you.| am Simran. Jassa your Simmi.Oh! Jassi that jiommidaughter of the Chajju Halwai.Khanna was writingSo many letters .....but you have not replied any one.0.K. since you came here thereply of all the letters has come.Oh God what happen this.Chaijju Halwai is a very nice man.Bebe is a very nice. I am also nice.The God may bestow mercy.You too are very nice.For God's sake Jassa,please get well soon.But why are you so sad?I'll go and meet the doctor.Oh God. Why are youtesting me like this, oh God?Ms. Simran, you..What are you doing here?| told you on the phone,didn't you understand me?Yes you would have understoodthis and now don't talks like this.| request you to please leave.Jassa is my client.- He is just your client.He is only your client buthe is everything thing for me.You have no right toask me to leave him.In place of discussingthe rights of my client .....I have to see his well being.You can see thecondition of my clientand who is responsible for this.No one outsider butyour own Jagpal Bir.Therefore warningyou for the last time.You don't try to meet myclient without my permission.Then what is my mistake in that.I really love him. I amgoing to take his care.We can take care of him.You may leave. Go.Why don't you understand?I really love him.| can not live without him please.How many days he will remain alive.He is neither alivenor recognise to any one.You know him since last few days.....but I know himsince so many years.But he is notrecognising to me also.That is why I am tellingthat if I will stay with him .....then he will remember everything.He'll get well, please.| don't want to call security.Please leave.If you really love him then leave.Love or 5 million dollar?What happen?What?You should have send Simran.What is your relation with her?Everything. Means girl friend.- Girl! Girlfriend! Girlfriend!Ten years have beenpassed to you in Canada .....but I can not make anygirl friend. But You made it.You're hiding it from me!You're betraying your lawyer!| committed mistake.Not mistake you are thief. Youhave committed legally crime.You're a criminal; you'rehiding love from your friends?Pal! I could not getopportunity you please forgive me.Forgiveness.- What's there!I will forgive you and youwill become today my friend.What? - See Jassa we cannot fight the case against .....the daughter of the Jagpal Birr.Your one mistake will wash out5 million dollar into the well.No love from today, you'llnot meet Simran from today.What is it, you'realways after my life. Yes?Some time you think tobe the human being also.All the big advocatesare staying in the court..Sit. Sit, I'll tell you.Sit.Actually the thingis you don't love..It happens.I still haven'tcompletely confessed to her.But I love her a lot.This is the first time I'vefallen in love with someone.Don't me so harsh.You know about it, don't you?A golden brick, Khanna.God gave you a pen.Don't write suchtorturous fates, Khanna.Don't write suchtorturous fates, beloved.Hey Romeo, you'reemotionally blackmailing me?You are doingemotional black mailing.See this. - See Jassatoday you take a decision .....that you want Simranor five million dollar.Both.- This is not possible.Either Simran orfive million dollar.You have to take a decision. Thinkover it. Think over it and tell me.I've decided.Promise?- Yes, I promise.This is promise ofadvocate or of my friend.Friend.Give me your hand.Deal.Greetings, sir.- Greetings, Mr. Dosanjh.Come, sit. Sit.- Thank you, sir.Tell me what the news is.See I have seen so manyadvocates in my life .....but never seen thefoolish advocate like .....the Baldev Raj Khanna.That I have told you earlier.Now you also came to know.Such advocates should be debarred.Their license should be confiscated.They have no right to be a lawyer.You're right, Mr. Dosanjh.Wonder how theycheated and became lawyer.Bloody parasite.If I may be permittedthen I will make stone to .....these advocates andthrow them in the ocean.Stupid, idiot person.- Sure, absolutely.See the driver whoselicense has expired should..Have been sued in this case.He has filed a caseof 5 million on you.Stupid, foolish lawyer.By that he could have made caseof ten million dollar against you.What you said.Ten million dollars.1?-YesYou don't have shame. - Why? -You are his advocate or mine.Sir I am your advocate but |am angry to such advocates .....that they are defamingthe name of the community.Such a big accident andthe mental trauma case.10 million is the right about, sir.Mental trauma?-Yes.You are very much worriedabout his mental trauma.You're the judge. Whatabout my mental trauma?But sir, ..Look.. my daughter hasbeen crying her heart out.| can understand her pain.How are you Simran?Uncle I can not live without Jassa.What you said that youcan not live without Jassa.When.. when did all this happen?That I also don't know.But I don'tunderstand one thing that .....why they are so much against you.I don't understandanything uncle but ..Nothing will happen. Till |am here nothing will happen.Sit!Listen we will give him bestdoctor and best treatment.0.K. you don't worry. But tellme that he also loves you .....that much as you loves him.He loves more.Then it's O.K. theman who can give .....the smile to my daughterthen I will not leave him.Yes Simran the Godwill do only good.You keep patience.Dusaj saab.YesWhat is theposition of our new house?Everything is ready sir.Room furniture, hometheater everything is ready.Only the approach road remaining.We will shift tomorrow morning.Any time.- Okay?We'll shift into anew house. Don't worry.I'm here. God willmake everything alright.Good.Wow! How is our new house?Good.- Only good.Very good.Don't burden yourheart with anything.Everything will be fine.This is your only.I am not interestedin going to the court.I'll myself go and givethem the 5 million they want.And we'll get Jassa treated.Happy?- Thank you.| said sardar Jassa Singhji you will listen to me .....that Baldev Raj Khannais not a flop advocate.| agreed.Anyway I will show youthat five million dollar.I will also get five million thenmy name is not Baldev Raj Khanna.As soon as I'll get the 5 million.....I will take Simrango back to the village.Congratulations. Congratulations.And it won't make a differenceto J.B. either.He'll find many otherswho can work for him.There is one thing, mylife will get settled.But Jagpal Bir won'tget a P.A. like Simran.Can I say something, Jassa?You'll earn good deeds by taking.....under your wing an orphan girl.God is watching us.- God will watch later!Open the door! - First gothere and see who is there.Let me go and check- Okay. - Move aside, brother Dumba.Come on, Dumba.Hey.. hey J.B.. J.B.- Get the sweets!You have brought sweet.No Jagpal Bir.- Give me my neck band.Where are you?Brother..- All of you're fraud people.Oh my God, the Killer is here.Shut up and stop your drama.Just one minute ..You were laughing anddancing a moment ago....before you have seenme and made this drama.J.P. sahib he has become mad.Shut up. I understand everything.I will not giveyou even five cents.....and forget aboutfive million dollar.You can see that what I can do.Change my name if |don't make you regret this.No no for this work why youare giving trouble to your self.You may changeyour name. ho problem.Don't jump too high, Khanna.The court in which you kept losing...I have won many cases there..| know the ways ofthe court very well.If you know so much about law..the court in which you kept losing.....that court'sdecisions are made on evidence.And we've a lot of evidences.And you.. you've nothing.I've money. Mr. Khanna, money.Do you know the power of money?I'll ruin you. Impostor lover.I had understood that thisperson is fooling my Simran.Again if you havetaken the name of .....the Simran then I willrun the bulldozer on you.I'll cut you into pieces andhang them at downtown's poles.I'll kill you.- Sir. - What is it? Take this.'If you takeSimran's name again..Then I'll flatten youwith a bulldozer."..I will prepare somefalse witnesses .....and prove that themental condition of my .....client is not good and heis threatening to finish him.He is threatening torun bulldozer on himHe threatened to Kill him.You threatened thatyou'll cut him into pieces.....and hang them atthe poles of downtown.Anything else if you wantto threaten then tell me.I will give reply of thisin the court you understand.I will not leave you.Don't keep theanger within yourself.You may understand it properly.That also I will see.Simi, I swear on God I've neverseen such fraudsters in my life.That Jassa is a dramatist.And that Jassa, he isa number one impostor.He was dancing before I went inside.He wanted to take fivemillion dollar from me.But I will not givehim even one cent.Uncle please definitely youhad some misunderstanding.Jassa is not this type man.If he is not like thisthen what type of man.Am I wrong?Whom do you favour me, or Jassa?Go away.Sir, look at this.Look at this, sir.What he look after. Mythree sons are behind me.My own people arenot my well wisher.They have now becomewell wisher of the Jassa.Make them understand.Relax. Relax, Mr. J.B.See your bloodpressure is going high now.Keep her away.Sorry Jagpal sahibyou should understand.....but you are notlistening to any one.Leave him.Sit your B.P. is goingto be higher. Relax!See I am your lawyerand without asking .....me you went to the house ofJassa and threatened to the doctor.If this will be going onthen how I will fight your case.I will fight my own case. You arefighting this case only in a year.Uncle please you are beingtrapped by speaking all these.For God sake you relax now.| have done that accident knowingly.No!That idiot dramatist has..If I allowed then..In that eventuality theywill file one more case.First tell me whoamongst you all is with me.Mr. Jagpal, we all are with you.But you won't say anythingwithout asking me, that's all.Tell me, what should I do!For now, we've our casein the court tomorrow.We've to go there in the morning.Brother today is the case in court.Today it will be decided.Brother for thegood luck take samosa.You eat.Good morning.. Mr. J.B.No morning will be goodfor you from tomorrow.This is very much injustice.There are four lawyers for you butBaldev Raj Khanna is not bothered.After your case all thelawyers will come to me seeking job.There is no treatment for themisunderstand to any doctor.| advise you to take thetreatment from the same doctor.You have engaged the costlylawyers and paid them high price.But can not understand thestrategy of the Baldev Raj Khanna.This you can not saywithout the income of samosa.From where this samosa has come.- It is very tasty.| asked you from whereit came and who made it.The C.0. of my companyDumbaji has made it. Dumba!It is impossiblethirty years the taste of .....the samosa of Putlighar, Amritsarand Karnal is still in my mouth.No other one can made this samosa.O.k. let him sayKarnal Singh is running.....the restaurant in the karnal.Yes.-0.K.Sent this to the lab.Okay, I'll get it checked.Definitely you get itcheck up sir. Only Samosa.Take it.- We will check you all.You are playing very dangerous game.See you play carefully.Look you be careful,.I'll enjoy playing the gameThey will make you enjoy today.Come, come.I request Mr. Khanna togive permission to start .....the proceeding ofthe case in Punjabi.I have no objection.Thank you, Your Honour.Mr. Jagpal Bir Singh ji there ischarges of negligent against.....you that you were drivingwithout the valid driving license.....and you have made accident.....with the Jasawar Singhalias Jassa Singh while.....he was crossing thesignal He has internal injuries.How do you plead?Not guilty.Your honour my clientJagpal Bir Singh is a famous .....and law binding citizen.Since last thirty yearshe is staying in Canada .....and never met with any accidentduring these thirty years period.Accident is far awaybut he has not been .....penalized even a single time also.Just one small mistakethat he has not renewed the ...License of the driver does notproof that he is not a good .....and safe driver. Mr.Khanna wants to take .....the advantage ofthe small mistake .....and filed loss suitof five million dollar....that not JasawarSingh's injuries.....but the greed of easy money.Your Honour, their case lieson the basis of three things.Lie, only lie and nothing but a lie.My client Jagpal BirSingh agree that.....the injures thatJasawar Singh sustained...Till they are notcompletely healed..And other than that my clientwill pay him 100 dollars a day...Till the time heisn't completely well.Other than that myclient Jagpal Bir Singh.....takes the guarantee thathe'll be completely cured.And listen, he'll also prayfor him in the Sikh temple.Mr. Khanna you acceptto this arrangement.Your Honour, I would like toask a few questions to Mr. Singh.You may proceed.Thank you your honour.Sir your name.J.B. Singh.- Full name.Jagpal Bir Singh.Birth.What you have to do with birth.You ask about the driving.Ok.Since how many yearsyou are in Canada.Since 1976.Last time when youhave drive the car.18 February! - Before 18February when you have drive the car.| don't remember the date.One week two weekfour week months. Tell!Judge sahib after the businessmeeting my life was very hectic.....and that is why| kept this driver.When did you appoint him?January 2003.That's why you didn't renewyour license after January 2003..It's not that, itjust slipped my mind.How many times have you driven..The car between January 2003and 18th February?..I never needed to.That means never. Yes.While driving or beforedriving on 18th February.....did you know that your license hasbeen expired from many years? - No.On or before 18thFebruary did you know.....that your company's executivewho lives in your house, she is..Your Honour, she meansmore than a daughter to me.Okay, no problem. Good.So Mr. J.B., I would like to knowOn or before 18thFebruary did you know.....that your company's executivewho is more than a daughter to you.....was having an affairwith my client Jasawar Singh?What rubbish!Objection, Your Honour.- Sustained.Your honour the man whohas never done driving .....since four years andnever met with an accident.....in last thirty years.He has never beenpunished for speeding ticket .....suddenly hedecide to drive the car.And how he comes in frontof his car, Your Honour?Your honour theexecutive of his company came.He loves to his girl Simran.Simran also .....loves to my client Jassabut the main problem is that .....he does not readyto accept their love.Objection, Your Honour.- Overruled.I don't have any hesitationin saying this as well sir .....Jagpal Bir Singh hasknowingly with full sense .....of humour hastried to kill my client.- Objection, Your Honour! -Sustained. Mr.Khanna, no assumptions.Mr. J.B. two days back youwent to the house of Jasvir Singh.Your honour I went there.| was ready toaccept all these terms.Because Simran told me everything.....between her andJassa after the accident.| wanted to accept their terms.....and end thisthing out of the court.| was only concernedabout Jassa's wellbeing.But I went there and got angry.When I say thatJassa is absolutely well.Strange, you just said you werevery concerned about his wellbeing.And then you got angry,just because he was alright?Yes. No.Yes or no? Give me an answer.When you came inside the house,what did you see?| didn't see thatfrom inside the house.| saw it from outside the house.Forget what happened outside.....tell me what you sawwhen you went inside.| saw that this blackguy was fanning him.And he was lying on thebed with a neck band.....and breathing heavy.What else do you expect,that a person will dance.....after having an accident with car?All of them were dancing. Yes.All of them were dancing.And that black guy,he too was dancing.Mr. J.B., you justsaid that he was.....breathing heavy lying on the sofa.Now you're sayingthat he was dancing.What you want to say.| said that when I went out ofthe house then he was dancing .....and when I came in then..I'm completely confused!I'm really confused.Sahib is telling some time that hewas inside and some time outside.Sometimes he says thatthey were dancing.And sometimes say that they were ill.Mr. Khanna what you want to say.Your honour I feel thatbefore proceeding further .....in this case itwould be better to clear .....the confusion aboutthe mind of the J.B. saab.You want to prove that thereis some problem in my mind .....and I am mad. Why |am looking mad to you.Mr. J.B, why are you saying that.A psychiatrist will decide that.Judge sahib this falseand baseless lawyer .....has defamed the entirecommunity of the lawyers.When they were in theircountry they used to mess.....around and they didn'tchange even after coming here.Your honour you have seenand heard him in totality.Now I don't want to ask morequestions to waste the time.Oh God I have notdone any crime for .....which I am gettingsuch a punishment.The court gives order to Mr.Jagpal Bir Singh that until.....his medical report isnot presented in this .....court till thenthe court is suspended.Come.What is this?- Sir, after we reach home.What will you do after going home?- Let's go. - Offer me mangoes?See Dusajh saab this girl hasreached me to the mental hospital.Not the mental hospitalbut to the psychiatrist.Psychiatrist means the same.The doctor for the insane.No sir, psychiatristis the one who finds.....out the misunderstandingsof the mind and clears them.| have no misunderstanding.Yes it is O.K.Come let's ask the madamwhat's the time.. I mean..I know the timing. Yes| asked where Dr. Palta.- Come.Hello.- Good afternoon, sir.I've an appointment with thedoctor at 2 o'clock. Oh, okay.Oh Mr. Jackpaul Bir Singh?- Jagpal Bir Singh.Jackpaul Bir Singh.- Jagpal Bir Singh.Jagpal Bir Singh - Sir.. sir..you go inside and have the meeting.Sir you go inside and meet thedoctor I will tell her in English.Yes, that's okay.He is a famous person.-'Jag' means world.Okay. - 'Pal' means whocan take care of the world.Oh, interesting. - He's the person.- Very interesting.Hello.Hello?Hello!Quickly call Dr. Palta.Hello! Hello! Hello!You didn't recognise me.Are you my uncle's sonthat I would recognise you?Go and call Dr. Palta, fast.You just put pressure onthe mind and recognise me.They have made me mad now.Don't worry Dr. Palta is here.I've returned thrice fromHaryana hence, Dr. Palta.Pleasure meeting you, mister..Oh yes. You only tell, methat what you will take.....coffee, tea, lemon, soda..No, no, I don't want anything.Just give me thecertificate that I'm well.You will not refuse me.What is this?You also know to this samosa.You also know this samosa.Then would alsoknow the maker of it.Yes correct. Number one Jassa Singh.Not one or two orthree he is number ten.And the two guyswith him too are frauds.They are they ghostwho are after my life!Strange, I never knew thatghosts can make such good 'Samosas'.Joking. Joking.- No, joking!They are spirits. Spirits!Mr. Jagpal Bir Singh.- Jagpal Bir Singh.J.B.- Whatever.Not whatever! It's J.B.!Yes that's what I meant!But clear one thing.....what are they ghosts or spirits?Had you been in contact withthem you would have known.....that what kind ofghosts and spirits they are.Strange that means only 'Samosas'.....are owned by ghosts and spirits?By the time you come toknow what cheats and frauds.....they are, I would havegone completely insane.I won't let that happen.- What?Let you go insane.You tell me what arethe misunderstandings.....which trouble you the most.Mr. J.B., misunderstandings spread.....inside a human brainlike worms and parasites.You have to remove the veils over.....misunderstandings from your life.It is as difficult asbreaking mangoes without a stick.Parasites, worms,mangoes, what do you think.....I am here to get mangoes?Forgive me, thank youvery much. That's it!No no just the sessionstarted and after four five .....session I will sendmy report to the court.Four five session.-YesI am not going to doany session with you.Whatever report you wantyou may send to the court.Forgive me see just| started to be mad.....and see started tospeak hindi. Thank you.Listen J.B. sahib |am telling you a fact.This life is very beautifuland lives this beautiful life .....with love and affection.They have made mylife very difficult.If you will also do the same then .....what will bedifference between them and you.The son of God.-YesWell the son of thegod I am the devil.....and I don't need, much,lecture now.See again I have started in hindi.Now forgive me I am going.He will not understand. Heis also the son of the god.But he is hot temper man. OhGod you make him understand. Bye.Simran any body can bemad to go to Dr. Palta.| am giving the money andit seems that the gang of .....the Jassa has been everywhere.They make my blood boil!Uncle you pleasedon't say like that.I know very well to the Jassaand he can never do bad to any one.He's not like that, he can never be!Then you don't know tothe Jassa. He is a crook.Vancouver is full of such good men.And you liked only Jassa?He loves me, uncle.He loves to your money.My daughter you have alwaysseen me like a strict boss only.But the fact is I havealways tried to keep you.....away from all the problems.I know that you love somuch to the Jassa but you .....are very much innocent.This world is full of thecheater like the Jassa Singh.| don't know why youunderstand him a good man.But there is no one cheater manlike him in this entire world.Uncle please enough I don't wantto listen anything bad about Jassa.Perhaps you also don'twant that me and Jassa..My daughter.Please I don't wantto listen anything.I don't know whether you didthat accident knowingly. Simran| don't know uncle what happen.| have never seen him like this.| think someone has brainwashed him.This is the brainwash of the car owners.I am not joking uncle.He is very upset.He feels that all ofyou are playing drama.I have played fewdramas in the college.But if he does not likedrama then I will sing few songs.I'm serious.- Serious? Yes.Don't say how serious.Uncle had greatmisunderstanding and he feels.....that all of you are fraud.Fraud means.By fraud it means you what you're.....saying and showing is not true.Oh.This means we're not humans.Jassa please for thesake of God you be serious.Well then you alsogiving swear of god some .....time you ask me tobe serious for you also.I am in tension.Oh-YesThen ask me what you want.Uncle feels that all ofyou are very much selfish .....and as if nothing happen.He was telling that all ofyou are behind his dollars.Yes Simran I have spoken so much .....lie and now I can not speak more.But this is fact that now youare sitting in front of my photo.J.B. saab is also correctlytelling that nothing happen to me.Means.Means nothing happen to me.Then for what this false.Just to give the punishmentto the J.B. for his deeds.But why? Punish him for what?The thing which didn't happen?Why this drama? For dollars?Five seven million dollar'smakes no difference to him .....but our lifewill pass comfortably.Jagpal Bir Singh has norelation neither with you nor with me.Oh My God but I havedone today I have charged.....uncle for such a big false. Foryou again like you a liar and cheat.Simran please listen to me.Now I don't want tolisten a single world.| was taking swear ofthe honesty of the man.Please don't misunderstand me.Misunderstand? Now I understand you!Listen to me, Simran!- Don't touch me!Don't touch me!I trusted a liar likeyou and accused that angel!| hate myself!Simran you have done nothing wrong.| don't want that wholelife you do the service .....of the Jagpal Bir Singh.For the sake of both of us.For both of us. For bothof us or for yourself?I would havedestroyed my whole life.But now I couldnever forgive myself.Simran. Simran. Simran.It's no one's fault.It's one's destiny.The one close toheart; broke my heart.The same atmosphere,the same weather.The same are the windsplaying with the flowers.| don't like anything.The world looks strange.The loved ones are now strangers.It's no one's fault.It's one's destiny.You were the moonof my beautiful sky.There came clouds of sadness came.....and you too shied away.You don't know how to love.The loved ones are now strangers.It's no one's fault.It's one's destiny.When I look in the mirror| don't recognise myself.My heart doesn't understand.No excuses work.My heart doesn't understand.No excuses work.Where has destiny brought me?!The loved ones are now strangers.It's no one's fault.It's one's destiny.My daughter youforget whatever happens.Forget him.I'll forget him.| can even forgivehim for what he did.But..How will I ever forgivemyself for what I did?You should never forgive me.No Simran no. no my son.My sons who when went to the God.....to leave me then you came to me.That time only I got thepurpose of living my life.Then only I have decided thatI will make you so strong .....that you will look after myall the business. Dusajh saab.Yes sir.You put the date on the papers.The space for the dateif blank since 13 years.But it seems I haveto put today date.Give me the papers.Simran my daughter yousign this adoption paper.Uncle.This is the lasttime speaking this word.Daddy.Once more.Papa.-God.There is no one likeyou in the whole world.You're truly the best.| promise I'll never let you down.Promise.| promise.| got deviated.I'm not worthy of your love.No body knows that what you deserve.I am happy that you understandthat he is not fit for you love.Even knowingly also I couldnot tell you that you are .....the alone heir ofmy all the business.| could have done thisearlier also but I don't wantedthat any kind of carelessness come in your life.Now I am sure that you will fulfillthis responsibility with sincerity.I'm sorry.- No. No.Enough. Enough, my dear, enough.Bastard for the sake ofthe five million dollars.Those three goons, thugs.I'll show all that theyare hardcore criminals.Mr. Dosanijh is thecaptain of your team.He is a renowned lawyer of Canada.Teach Khanna and hisfriends such a lesson.....that even his future generations.....wouldn't dare to thug like this.I'll make him regret it. Hehas an army of lawyers ready.All of them must be sittingin a brainstorming session.They must bescratching their heads..They must bescratching their heads.....to try and find out legal hooks.Law is a big playground.Let's see how far he can run.I will run like thatJagpal Bir in the courtthat he will start screaming.He will come with fivemillion dollars and give us.I will not give even five cent also.This is the question of my honour.My business rivals will laugh at me.| can not tolerate it. Thebiggest crime of the Jassa is that .....he has trapped my daughter.First he has made fool tothe Simmi and then come to me.I want to see his defeatunder any circumstances.| don't bother about theexpenditure whatever it may be.What expenses you are talking?| have never seen such afoolish man in my life.But you see my name is also Khanna.I will make him mad.You will leave me as mad.| can not concentrate inmy business whole day .....and night only one thingis hammering on my head.The disaster of the Jassa.I will throw you in.....such a hell that you willnever imagine in the dream also.Mr. Dosanjh, it'sdifficult for nice people.....to get suchscoundrels out of their hearts.| can't see my daughter sad anymore.Get rid of thesepeople from our lives.Give those rascals what they want.Finish the case.After Mr. J.B, surrenders the case...,this court orders Mr. JagpalBir.. - Listen to me, Khanna..That they should give Mr.Jasawar Singh, 5 million dollars.Shut up the decision isbeing taken in our favour.All expenses..- Your Honour..Jassa what are you doing this.L.. want to saysomething to the court. - Sure.Judge saab the matterwhich I was understanding .....my life is thebiggest defeat of my life.Whole life I wasthinking about the easy money .....and easy life and left myall the friends, relatives .....and also to our country.| came to leave mymother and in this country.| have taken as granted tothe law of this country .....for getting the dollars. |understand it is my right.| have only disregardedthe law of this country.Judge sahib I could notfulfill my duty for the sake.....of my own country and alsoashamed to this country also.| thought that love wasa business, Your Honour.And I thought ofbusiness as my love.Judge sahib for the same of money.....I have donethe business of love.Judge sahib now I amrecalling the words of my mother.....which she said to me.| forget that what my mothersaid to give respect to the love.| priced my love,which was priceless.God has punished me forthe dealings I did in love.Now I am standing as aaccused in your court.You give the judgement of your law.| Jasawar Singh son ofShamsher Singh confessed.....I have filed is based onthe false statement only.All these I did for thesake of the money only.| thought thatfive million dollars.....can be earned byspeaking a small lie.If it is possible then itis cheap for every citizen.In view of the confession .....and evidence of theJasawar Singh, the court debar.....for three years to the BaldevRaj Khanna for filing false .....case for the sakeof earning dollars .....and also fordefamation of this court.Further the court imposedfine of one thousand dollar.....to Mister Jasawar Singh forbeing involved in this case.| don't deserve any kindof excuse but even then...If it is possible you pleaseforgive me as my last mistake.Either you said forthe forgive or otherwise.But both is not possible.Brother for the sake ofGod don't go to leave us.If it would be in my hand thenI never go to leave my friend.But I will try to start thenew life in the new shape.You think what shewill think about you.No my dear friend you don'ttry to change my decision.No no you change. Whenyou will change yourself.If you will bethinking about yourself .....then what will happen to us.If it's good then youthink about yourself.If it's bad then too youthink about just yourself.Pal.- Leave it!What friend and what friendships!But who willunderstand to our friendship.Now whatever you want you do it.Hey.. this is not friendship.No my friend. Both ofyou set your business .And let me go please.Jagpal Bir and his army?Look.. this was theonly thing missing.I was not knowing thatyou are going to leave .....the battle fieldlike a coward man.But Jassa this is thebeginning of the game.Jagpal Bir Singh will neverallow you to go like this.You have to do everything here only.Defeat.No if and no buts totallyunconditional. Sign here .Oh my God. I can't believe it.Jassa..Jassa, you know what he means?| accept thepunishment given by you.Then what you arewaiting here. Sign.Jassa this is not the punishment.This is you are fulfilling thedream of the Jagpal Bir Singh.You are telling but you willget one dollar for one samosa.Jagpal Bir Singh ji will payfive thousand rupees daily.The equipment andmachinery for making the samosa ...Will be financed bythe Jagpal Bir Singh {I.....Jassa your dream to becomemillionaire has been fulfilled.Now you pleasesign here immediately.Jassa Singh what are you thinking.No sir I am not a big businessman.I have lost my own house here .....and don't want to doanything dealing with any one.Forgive me.| also came here thirtyyears back like you to with .....SO many desire tofulfill here to leave my country.After myself thousandof people came here.| am not appreciating myselfbut this is the fact I said.Today there is no one whocan sit near Jagpal Bir Singh.Do you know why?I have endured everything,storms, calamities.....cyclones, troubles, problems.But I never left thecompany of two things.One is the hardworking and other is honesty.And third thing is this, theone which I've got my ancestors.....I never let thisturban be separated from me.It was not so easy 30 yearsago to work with this turban on.Helplessness made manyremove these turbans.....but I salute all thosewon't didn't lose courage.Just on the basisof their hard work.....they kept theirpride honour and prestige.....of their religionalive all over the world.Never Kill your desires.Nor let your desireskill your conscience.I'm happy that..See your all thedesire has been fulfilled.But sir my all the desire arefinished when I will not get her.No.I should repent for my sins.- You"ll be punished, Jassa Singh.Jassa ii you have washedout the dirt on your heart .....and youratonement is now completed.Good Jagpal Bir Singh {Iwhom you want to meet.Congratulations.Our thinking will meet when..Yes. Will know.The boy was good; wewasted our time fight the case.Tell me.That was great, Jassa.Greetings.Namaste now you go andbring your belongings. - YesJassaMummy.Jassa my son.Oh.. oh.. oh.. oh.. very hot.- Nice house.Oh God I will die.Don't talk about the death now.Jassa you came back from Canada.Mummy it is not likethat what you are thinking.What are you talking.Mummy my life is notburden on any one.You keep it and I came here now.Tell me.- You understand it.We have guests. Look.- Guests? - Yes. - Who?Look over there.- Come.Who are they?- Greetings, sister.Greetings.Mother, he is Jagpal Bir Singh.He is a very famousbusinessman of Canada.Busi.. - A businessperson, mother.A businessperson.Okay.- He is Mr. Dosanjh.Greetings.- A famous lawyer in Canada.Greetings.-And..She is..- Tell me, son. Tell me.What do you say..- Tell her. Tell her. Your..Tell her frankly.Try and understandfor yourself, mother.See whom you are telling this.Sister it is not his.Yes Jassa has done themarriage also without mother.Mummy.No no sister Jassa wasalways Telling that he will .....not do the marriagewithout blessing of mother. - YesReally?And then a wedding in Punjabis a different fun altogether.| bestow! She is so beautiful!Come dear, you come here.You come here.Sit with me. My beautiful daughter!It such an auspicious day.- Please, Mr. Dosanjh.Yes. Yes.- Come, come.My last desire hasbeen fulfilled brother.Your daughter will stay in thishouse as my own daughter. - Thank you.But he had gone anddid not listen to me.Sister now we will also dohere the cultivation etc.Really?This man sweats a lot.He is a hefty man.Sister, Mr. Dosanjh is avery famous lawyer there...Like Jassa was over here.Both of them are lawyers.Both of them are lawyersbut son, your health..Sister, we've decided.We'll buy 100-200 acres ofland here and farm on it.He'll get well by farming.Wonderful J.B. sahib shewill remain here only.YesWhat.Nothing, farming, farming you know.No, I don't know.Mr. J.B., you've beendoing it explain it to her.....what does it mean in English.That.. I had done thatPunjabi 30 years ago.Here comes the buttermilk.Come, come, the buttermilk is here.My daughter is very sweet.- Please have buttermilk.Here, have some buttermilk.What is this?- Buttermilk, dear.But what is this.- Glass of lassi.But sister, this mustseem like a bucket to her.Bucket.Drink it. Drink it.Don't eat the meals.Drink it.- Very good, dear. Very good.Drink it.- Drink mother's buttermilk.Drink it, dear.- Enough.Mr. Dosanjh.Should I get the mixer,you can drink from that.Don't say anything,don't say anything now.Here.A domestic buffalo,milk from the house.The curd made in the house.And the buttermilkmade in the house.Mr. J.B., Punjabcannot be compared. - Right.That tall glass..Very sweet, mydaughter is very beautiful.You've pleased your mother, Jassa.Drink, dear. There isjust one glass. Drink it.Drink a little. Shewon't leave you so easily.Drink. Drink, drink.Small.. small.Jassa today I am very happy.I never thought that |will get the love of mother.You're really lucky..because you got such a mother.Mother is like this only.First she wants the son.....and then keeping them inthe womb for nine months.Then whole life she isexpecting for the grand son.The mother is like that only.But Simran.. now we'llnever say away from mother.Yes Jassa.. whetherwe stay here or there.Now we"ll stay with mother.Very good after thirty years |have brought all these things .....and the preparation ofthe pickle is being done.Dusajh saab the air of thePunjab is something different.Let's go.. don'tgive those jerks here.An old woman will hit you.She'll think you're teasing her.Sir doesn't do this.| don't want to do it but hehas to do it. Come on now.The lonely heartswants a friend's company.It's easier to make friendsbut difficult to keep them!The lonely hearts..- Wants a friend's company.It's easier to make friends..- But difficult to keep them!Those who havefriends have God with them.Friendship can't be priced,they are priceless.| bestow over my friend.| can give my lifeaway for my friend.If I get my friend's love,| can forget this world!I'll share myfeelings with my friends.I won't keep any secrets from him.My friend lies in my eyes,my breath and my heart..Friendships!Friendships!Friendships!