Ripped by gdhaliwal23He left?You didn't go with him?Scoundrels,we are likeairplanes taxiing at the airport.One by one, all of us will fly away.Why do you need to be upset about it?Jashn, go get beer.As if he must be missing us over there.Kuku, I don't feellike leaving you guys.Then let's go back.Forgelthemafiage.


Go, you fool.Get into the plane beforeyou change your mind.Take care.Call once your reach there.Scoundrel.He left us.Why?You think you are his wife...?He found one.Shetook him with her.One day, we, too, willfind one and fly away.Right, man? Tell him.I don't want to get married.Friends and brothers partmoment a girl enters their life.


Saw my elder brother?Moment he got married,sister-in-law took him away.What do you know?You never had a sip of it.You don't know there isn't abetter way to double your joy.And the best way to drown your sorrows.Buddy, I say, one day a plane will land.And a very beautiful Punjabigirl will come out from it.And take me to the heavenlyland called Canada or Austrdia.Scoundrel, come out of your dreamland.She could be dangerous as well."Her waist measures 28inches. She weighs 47 kilos.""The girl. She weighs 47 kilos."Oh my.Careful. Careful.What happened? Did you get hurt?You were saying something.Her waist measures 28inches. She weighs 47 kilos.That can't be your mother.Must be your sister.What have I done'?Myself Shunty from Haiori Garden.And myself Sahei from Patiala.Sahe], come on.Sahei, you are here?I thought you are coming tomorrow.Idiot, I said PM not AM.Gary, watch out if your touch your hair.All you know is to use gelto make your hair stand.You don't know anything else.Look, sister, you shouldn't shout.Maan Sahib says"Shut up. Gary, don't say a word more.I will manage. Don't worry. Gel: lost.Gary isn't here.- What now?Let's hail a cab. Let's go.Hello, Jashn'?Did you make him board it?You think I am a driver?You guys get drunk andI have to drop everyone.Brother, you were theone who used to say this."| drop so many people to the airport.""It's like a taxi service.".Yes, why don't I start a taxi service?I should stand here and shout,Delhi-Punjab, Delhi-Punjab, Delhi-Punjab.Hello. Hello. Hello.- How willI look shouting Delhi-Punjab"Delhi-Punjab? - Iwant to go to Punjab.Hurry up. Look, I don't havetime. Hurry up. Hurry up.Ma'am, I am talking on the phone.You can talk on the phone later.It's very simple.Look, we have a lot of luggage with us.Carry our luggage quickly and hurry up.- I am not a taxi"I know the rate for taxis.How much do you charge?Yes, 12 rupees per kilometre.I will give you a tip as well.- VWII you listen to me?What's there to listen?It's very simple.I know you are a taxidriver. We want a taxi.You are going to Punjab.We want to go to Punjab.We want to go to Patiala.This is our luggage.Let's go, Anna. The |uggage..- Ma'am, I am not a driver..Listen to me.- You are not a driver? You look like a driver.Hurry UP-Yes, Jashn. I still haven'tstarted the Delhi-Punjab business.....and I already got passengers.That's great. You will havecompany on your way back.Make sure you take the money.Make sure of it. Yes.We will be able to gei a Johnnie Wdlcer.Hello, please concentrate on driving.You can sing once you reach home.Hear that, singing hastaken Punjab by storm.Madam,| am just humming.Thewhole of Punjab hascut albums in their names.I know everything. I wasborn and brought up here.Got it?Not a problem, you can sing.Madam ..What's wrong with your voice?You sounded different.Hey, it's me.Hey, watch out!Madam, you spoke in Punjabi?That too so properly?Hello, my friend knowsPunjabi very well.Got it?Strange.- What's so strange about it?Can't I talk in Punjabi?No, you can. Talk all you want.It's a pleasure.Then why don't you sing us a song?If you will ask so affectionately, I'mready to sit with a drum all my life.Come on, sing us a song.0K5!-"We are the best frienda person can have.""We rule the world.""We love everyone.""We never take anything personally.""We are the best frienda person can have.""We rule the world.""We love everyone.""We never take anything personally.""We work in the fields"We are also the headmanof the village council.""We work in the fields"We are also the headmanof the village council.""Even if we live abroad.""We always earn our living.""We are the best frienda person can have.""We rule the world.""We love everyone.""We never take anything personally.""We are the best frienda person can have.""We rule the world.""We love everyone.""We never take anything personally.""People call us Punjabi.""They take our name with pride.""People call us Punjabi.""They take our name with pride.""Some call us brave men.""Some call us brave men.""We are well respected.""We are the best frienda person can have.""We rule the world.""We love everyone.""We never take anything personally.""We are the best frienda person can have.""We rule the world.""We love everyone.""We never take anything personally.""We never take anything personally.""We never take anything personally."Come on, let's go.Hello.- Brother.Sorry, sister.I got confused with the dates.I thought you are coming tomorrow.Otherwisa.Oh my..- Your sister's friend.Shewill be staying here?- Oh yes.Where are you going?- To get some gel.Don't get the gel, get our luggage.Come on.How much money for you?My family will know how much'hey want to sell me for.No, I mean how muchdo I pay for your taxi.Which taxi?Excuse me. Neither is this mytaxi, nor am I ataxi driver.This is my personal car. I cameto drop you for courtesy sake.Oh. So you thought of havingsome fun when you saw girls.You were very eagerlycarrying our luggage back then.And now you are sayingthat this isn't a taxi.And you are not a taxi driver.Great.Anna, this is the reasonwhy foreigners are scared.....of travelling to India. Why?Because you find such people here.They are cheats and liars.They cheat everyone.Give me a chance to speak.I mean, what is it?|- Sahei, please.He wants to say something.Please, hear him out.You are great. ImportedGoddess, you are great.You understood thismere mortal's feelings.....and asked this IndianGoddess to keep quiet.Otherwise, this Indian Goddess doesn'tgive anyone else a chance to speak.Hello, what are you saying?- Sahe], please.Let me complete firstI am not a taxi driver.I have done my MA in geographyfrom Punjabi University Patiala.I have 27 acres of land. I am a farmer.I had gone to drop myfriend to the airport.I was talking on the telephone.You mistook me to be ataxidriver and sat in the car.I brought you here.Neither did I misbehave on the way.....nor did I stealgoods or money from you.Why are you calling me a cheater?You talk without thinking. Youdon't give anyone a chance to talk.L, too, can talk non-stoplike you. Now you can talk.Yes.He never said that he was a taxi driver.Sorry.I said sorry.She is the first woman inthe world to apologise"....in a scolding and an angry tone.Hello, I am not a woman, I am a girl.Oh, again sorry.Sorry that I called you a woman.Sorry that I dropped you homefrom the airport for courtesy sake.Sorry for any misiake I mightmake in the future as well.Okay?By the way, I am Anna.Myself Kam aliit Singh.People affectionately call me Kuku.Khukhu?- No. Not Khukhu, Kuku.Kuku. Kuku.My village is close by. Amampur.It is just 12-13 kilometres away.I'll be more than happy if youcome some time, to my place.And my aunt will be happy. Aunt.I am sorry. I am very late.My aunt will kill me.My aunt is very shrewish.You don't know.Shrewish? What does that mean?- It means"Shrewish. Shrewish.- It means"A very nice person.- Yes.Wonderful. Amazing person.- Yes, that's what is means.Oh. Okay. Okay. Youare also very shrewish.Okay.- Take care. Take care.Sahe], it's a beautiful place.Anna, this is my village.And you will love it.Seriously.We will have a lot of fun here.Come, lefs go.Hey. Which one of you was it?Spoiled the atmosphere of the room.First You have chickensand then later crow.Hey, wake up.Calm down. What are you up to?Wake up.What is it?Don't you have to gofor an interview today?You go and build your body.Let us sleep. Why are you troubling us?Intelligent people say thatone should get up and exercise.That keeps ones machinery well-oiled.And these guys are lying here.You oil your machinery.Our machinery is fit and fine.If this continues yourparts will stop functioning.If you continue to drink likethis your liver will stop working.Your engine will give up.Jashn, you are putting youreducation down the drain.At leasi you should think of something.Why don't you get me a job?I have given around 150 interviews.I still haven't got a job.No one values education.And you?Jae“-.Jagtar, listen to me.Some people are born to have fun.- Yes.And some are born to serve them.- Yes.Keep doing your duties.Bloody bugs.Have sucked my blood.Friendship is a curse.Come.Where are you these days?I asked the old woman,but she growled at us.She is my aunt, but do you guyscall your mothers, old woman?Karma, I think things have heated up.We will have to cool it down.Not a problem, we will addsomewater in his radiator.Or we can throw him into the river.Tell me, what have you decided?My decision remains the same.I am not a government officer totake a bribe and change my decision.Listen, no one will offer youthe money sir is offering you.....for your land near the highway.Your sir can even urishto buy the GT road.Will the government sell it?No.We know how to turn a no into a yes.Hello.- Where are you, sir?The speaker is on..Karma is here.You are always with him. Damn him.No, he is my brother.He is your brother.But you listen to me.You come to my place. I have some work.We need to go some place.Okay. Should I get Karma wilh me'?Damn him. He has no workto do. He won't let us work.We need to do some work. Come fast.Damn him.- Hne, then I will come, brother.I have kept the speaker on by mistake.I don't know how to switch it off.Who was he? Tell me, who was abusing me.Forget it. Why are you getting hyper?Actually, he didn't knowI was on speaker phone.Everyone abuses you behind your back.He abused you upfront.You tell me his name.Otherwise" otherwise Iwill teach you a lesson.Why are you getting angry with me?You can take his number. What else?- Yes.Tell me his number.- His number is 140..120-10.- 120-10.His name is Jagtar.Jagtar speaking.You are abusing me. Youdon't know me, you pig.If you are a man then..then come before me.Who are you?This is Karma. Karma. Theone whom you just abused.If you are a real man then meetme at the stadium in half an hour.Look, what's my faultifyour engine is leaking oil.It's my job to service it.Disconnect the line, I'll be there.Boss, this situation doesn't seem right.Their muscles will do a lot of damage.I have never been thrashed after school.What should we do? Should we leave?Hurry up.- Let's go.Don't even think of running away.All the exits are sealed off.Brother, Karma loves to joke around.Tell him.- Yes. Yes. Yes, brother.I was iustioking with you.Well, all of us areworshippers of non-violence.Non-violence. - But I don'tlike anyone joking with me.I never initiate it.But if anyone messes me I neverlet him go without a good service.Tell me, will you fighttogether or one by one?One by one.Go.Why are you standing here?You go.Fatso, what are you doing? Come on.Bodybuilder, you? You haveeaten a lot and made this body.Come on now.Now you come, Karam Singh Sandhu.Brother, I am a dog.Get a leash, put itaround my neck and tie it.I like dogs.But you are not of a good breed.Get lost, you dog.Look, son, I say weshould sell 'lhat land.We will buy some other pieceof land here, in place of that.And in future if he likes that placethen we'll buy another piece of land.It's like he is a puppeteerand we are his puppets.We will do as he says.He wants to build a shoppingmall on our piece ofland.As if I will let him.I will not spare him.Yes.First your parents passed away.Now you are saying such things.I have dedicated all mylife to you and Vinnie.For what? To see this day?Aunt, how many times have I told younot to watch Elcta Kapoofs serials.You get emotional in no time.They can get their workdone with a small push.And we can't even use the law?It's like your eye is an eyeand ours is like a glass ball.Yes. You have become very smart.You don't need me anymore.Do as you please.I ask you to get marriedand you don't agree to it.Aunt, we will first gei Vinnie married.Get Vinnie married.And look, I don't have amarriage line in my palm.Aunt, I was thinking,let's find a nice..Handsome..Beautiful ..Lovely uncle, firstWait. Damn you.Theatrical lad.Well done, boys.You have come before me with such faces.Don't you feel ashamed?Look over here.Look at their faces.Brother, there isn't a spot onhis face left wherel can slap.Scoundrel.One..Two..Three..Four..Where are the other two?Brother, the other twoare in the hospital.Hospital ..You look unharmed.I had sent you for some important work.And you came back thrashed.Brother, we had gone to meet Kuku.But.. but he got us trapped.He lured you and you got trapped.You don't have any brains.Damn you.You have humiliated me, you scoundrel.- Hello, sir.I had gone to your house to meet you.From there I learnt thatyou are at your farmhouse.Order me.Tell me, how can I serve you?I thought you, too,should have a look at them.Wonderful.Looks like they have been served well.Son, did you lose any teeth?Inspector, the boys whodid this should be arresied.Sir..First enlighten me, howdid they get into this mess.And after they got thrashed,they should've come to me first.I would've gotten their medical done.I would've filed a HR.Don't blabber. You willget the medical report.Those boys should be arrested.Brother, we will get intotrouble if this gets to the press.Television reporters hunt for such news.And what if Kuku gives a statement.."That we are forcinghim to sell his land?We will get into trouble.You are right.Fine. So what if you get alittle thrashed for sir's sake?Yes? Come on. Good. Come on. Come on.Go in a single file.Very good.Very good.Do have milk with turmeric in it.Yes.Fine. So, I'll make a move then.Careful, don't scrape off your skin.Tarsem Singh, give him Rs. 500Lei it be.I will count them.Why do you take the trouble?One, two, three, four, five,six, seven, eight, nine, ten.This is from your behalf. Thank you.Listen .- Yes?Reason it with Kuku.- Not a problem, sir.Not a problem.A thousand scoundrels died andthat's when Uiagar Singh was born.See you. Bye.And copy to all.Heis a duplicitous.|don't trust him at all.Watch out, he will getus into trouble one day.We can't do all the dirty jobs.We need such people as well.Papa, how could you even thinkthat I would marry any boy?Why? You have to get married.You are of marriageable age.All the relatives still tauntme that I sent you abroad, alone.Papa, I'm not saying thatI don't want to get married.But I won't get married to a stranger.Mummy, why are you keepingquiet? Say something at least.Look, she has just come andyou are already after her.And talk softly, what willSahefs friend think of it?Why? Don't they get married in abroad?I was not in the favour of sending her.I send her only becauseyou pressurised me.Now if she will go to Canada, shewill go there only after marriage.Papa, but this is for sure that Iwon't get married in this manner.What did you say?Then get this straight as well.Now if you go to Canadayou will go there"...only after getting marriedto a boy of my choice.Otherwise forget about CanadaMr. Sidhu and his sonare coming over tomorrow.I don't want any problems.Sahei, father is lookingfor a lot of boys for you.They are ready to spend Rs.30-35 lakhs to go abroad.Shut up. Stop adding fuel to fire."Stop adding fuel to fire.'Mum my, is it true'?Papa is talking about money whilelooking for alliances for me?Sahei, you forget about these things.Go. Go upstairs to your friend.That means this is true.In olden times, people used to makedeals involving their daughters.Or poor people used tosell their daughters.But father is great.No, it is no so, dear.Mummy, if it is not so thenplace your hand on my head.....and say that Gary is lying. Place it.I know.Drunkards, from wheredid you get this beer?From the wine shop.Will your father pay for it?Why will our father pay for it?You will.Do I owe something to your father?Look, for God's sake, Ibeg of you, take up aiob.If nothing else, washcars at my workshop.Anyway I am short of labour.Do these handsome faceslook like that of labourers?He does look like a daily wager.I don't come to your workshop aspeople will mistake me to be the boss.They will call you anemployee. This isn't right.Maharaia of Patiala, getout of your dreamland.Put your feet on the ground reality.Here you go.Now you call Pizza man.Please. We are very hungry.Call.Do one thing, roastme, add salt and eat me.Useless guys.Anna, pack your bags.Why?Weiusi landed yesterday.I still have ietlag.And I still haven't unpacked fully.That's even better. Youdon't need to unpack.0K5!-If you are uncomfortable,I'll move to a hotel.What are you saying?I brought you to IndiaActually, the thing is,we arerunning away from the house.We are running away.- Okay.What? What are we doing?Quiet. Keep quiet.We are vanishing? We are running away?Why?- I'll tell you.My dad is getting memarried against my wishes.He has queued up boys for the same.If I stay here, he willget me married for sure.But how can he do this?He can't do it. He cannot force you.I'll go and set him right.Sit down. My dad has become greedy.The boy's family whichgives him HsBO-AO ldrhs"I mean 3-4 millions, my dadwill get me married to that boy.It's crazy.Let me talk to your father.I'll set him straight.Anna, you cannot reason it with him.We are just runningaway from here tomorrow.Listen, tomorrow morning Gary willbe out of the house with our bags.We just have to jump off 'lhebulwark behind the house and leave.Bulwark?- Wall.l mean wall.It sounds like an Indian movie.In Indian movies the heroine escapesfrom her house in this manner.Good. Very exciting."Watch out, boy. Yourfather might show up."Gal'!!-Where are you going soearly in the morning'?Daddy. I was going to the gym.What made you think of agym today, all of a sudden?You never wake up before noon.I thought it keeps one healthy.And even Maan sahib says that otherthings can wait, health comes first.I think you're still notover with singing fever.No, daddy, Its over.I feel much better nowHne. After you come back from the gym .....go and take care of your work.Okay. Okay.Can I go?- Yes.0K5!-Thank God.'Everyday I take..""I taken"fine, God.l am drunk. Mywife hits me with her sandals.Now even you havestarted doing the same?I won't drink. I won't drinkagain, God. I won't drink.But don't hit me again.Don't hit me again.Yes.Brother. Brother.Come here. Listen.Now I have even started hearing things.But why does God should like a woman?Hey, Goddess Parvati willobviously sound like a woman.Come here.You are Godess Parvati?- Yes.But you look young.Quietl am still a child.Do you want my blessings?- Yes.Stand next to the well. Hurry up. Hurry.0K5!-Yes. Yes. Yes.Bend over like a horse. Bend over.- I should bend over?Good. You at least recognised me.My wife thinks I am a donkey.Ouch.- It's okay. It's okay.We know that you are a horse.And that too a good one.Child, you should never drink again.Otherwisel will turn you into ashes.Goddess, can I stand straight now?Inspector, you did a good thingby sending these people over.I was going to come to meet you.You guys can relax. Rest.How did you cometo knowthat I need protection?That my life is in danger?Son, I'm 'lhe inspector of this areaI know about everything.The thing is, Ni".Kamaliit Singh alias Kuku.....| am calm in the morning.After dealing withcriminals I get hyper.Thething is, brother,you are very stubborn.I am stubborn.Mr. Harnam Singh..- Is a dog.He is the one who is runningillegal businesses in your areBooth capturing during elections.Taking over someone's land.He even sells drugs in this areI say you should arrest him.I have called you hereto reason that with you.He has lodged a complaint against you.If I want, I can arrest you.But no, you are a nice man.Hence, you should stop beingstubborn and sell your land.Hear that. Now youhave put me in a dilemmYou are telling me to sell the land.And the IG says that he wantsthe marriage to take place there.Now whom should I listen to'?Them'!?Whose marriage?You don't know?Hear that. ThelG'sniece is engaged to me.Ham gopal .Sir.Why are you standinghere and staring at me?Go to Gopal siore and get aquarter kilo of sweets and pretzels.Just a minute.I think Gopal doesn't givea quarter kilo of sweets.Get half a kg.- Okay, sir.The thing is, brother,as soon as I came know"."That Harnam's menhave approached you.....| immediately got into action.- I know.Brother, I want to gettransferred to Mandi Govindghar.You know there are bigsteel dealers there.I have to get mydaughter married as well.You want your daughterto marry a steel dealer?No. I will be able to get her married"...only when steeldealers will do something.Oh. I got it.That's not a problem.I'll get you transferred.I'll send someone away fromthere and send you away from here.Okay, brother, I'll make a move then.Yes, go on.- Don't forget me.Yes, I will. Just keep doing your duty.Okay.- Bye, WYS-Hello. Hi.- Hello.You, too, hello.Hello.I never imaginedI never thought thatyou'll come over like this.What are you saying, Mr. Kuku.You had helped us a lot.Won't we even come toyour house to thank you?No, why not?I would say, this islike your own house.Yes.- Saw, Anna?Didn't| say that Mr.Kuku is a very nice man?Yes.- He said it, this is like our own house.So, we can stay in our house for a few days.- Yes..'Hear that.I was just being courteous.''They are getting too emotional.''God Almighty, whathave you got me into?''They don't know of my aunt.'Kuku. Kuku.AuntAuntKuku.You are back?Where did you go soearly in the morning?Aunt, I..- Okay, so you are his aunt.Hello, aunt. You are just likeMr. Kuku has described you.Yes, aunt, you are very shrewish.What did you say? I am shrewish?Who told you that I am shrewish?Kuku said. You are very shrewish.Aunt, I just rememberedan important work.I'll just go and meet the headman"Wait. I will tell you.Come back and I will showyou how shrewish I am.Don't call me aunt ifI don't break your legs.Shrewish is a bad word?It's something bad?- No, it's a good thing.Aunt, let go of youranger. She is my friend.She has come from CanadaShe didn't know andMr. Kuku joked with her.I know, dear. Kuku is very naughty.Just like his father.But where did you meet him?Aunt, should we tell youeverything standing outside"...or will you invite us in?- Yes, of course.Kuku has made me crazy. Come in.Come on in. Come in.Jagtar. Jagtar.Jae“-.Jagtar, you still aren't ready?- Yes.We had to go to Kuku's house today.Come on, hurry up.- Come.Let me work. I need to repairthese two cars by evening.Brother, try and understand.Two very beautiful girlshave come to his house.That too from CanadaWeasels, get lost from here.Girls these days are very smart.They first look at how muchland he owns, what does he do.....what is his bank balanceand both of you are useless.Jashn is educated but jobless.And Deep took five yearsto complete his graduation.I made sure I learn it well.And when I ask them towork they feel insulted.Listen, brother.Brother, listen to me.Look here.- Yes.Look carefully.This handsome face"Do you think we are born to work?We are born to rule.Yes.Kings of pauper land, getlost from here. Let me work.Forgive me.- How can we forgive you?You are our brother.- I am.You are our bro.- That I am.You are our nurturer.Our provider.Our car provider.- That too.Car? Sukhi.- No, we don't want to have teGet a hammer. Let's service them.Brother, get this straight.If you don't help us, wewill hang ourselves here..We will hang ourselves here.- Suicide.Get them a rope.- No. Cancel.Look Jagtar, Kuku is hungry and is hiding from his aunt.- Yes.We have to take him home.- Yes.And aunt's stuffed bread"- Stuffed with potatoes.Yes. With cumin seeds.- 'With coriander seeds.'With buttermilk.A bowl of curd.- Yes.Sukhi, you remove the engine.I'll go do something forbrothers and come back.Pacing won't help.Pacing won't help..Now what will I tell Mr. Sicliu'?That our daughter ran away?Our Daughter had to run awaybecause of the schemes you are up to.I say, tell me, where has she gone?Wherever she is. She is safe .....and her father own stoodbefore her as an enemy.You tell me, what wrong did she doin going somewhere to save herself?Okay, so now I am her enemy.So affectionately I broughther up, educated her.I spent money in sending her abroad.And now she has become so independent."That she doesn't like theboy selected by her 'lather.What would've happened ifshe would've met the boy once?I wonder where she ran away.It's so nice. Here friendshave time for each other.In Canada, everyoneis running after money.No one has time to spare.And here, everyone is sitting idle.- Yes.Jagtar and Jashn too were sitting idle.I gave them a job in my workshop.Your engine needs finetuning, I guess.Jagtar is a very goodmechanic of our workshop.The head mechanic.And Jashn handles the accounts.And Deep has decidedthat he won't go to Canada....no matter how many proposalshe gets from there.No.- He says his workshop is doing great.He is well settled. How can he leave? Right?- He can't.No.- No, he isright. - Of course.It's a practical thought.- True.He is right.- Yes.-Kuku, I didn't say so.No, you didn't say so,butthis is what you mean.This is the central idea of what you said, right?- Of course.How can he leave his workshop and go?No, Jagtar can handle theworlcshopflight, Jagtar?No, I am your servant.What can a servant do without his employer?- Yes.Right. He's right.You know I, too, reallywanted to go to CanadaBut after I went there I realisedhow hard one has to work there.How many times have I told Saheito find a Canadian resident for me.But she doesn't.First find yourself a]ob."Find me a girl."Sit down.- I don't wish to work.You guys..Sorry.You guys wait till my cassetteis released.I will make everyone eat out of my hand.Right, Deep?Even Jagtar gets marriageproposals from CanadaBut he doesn't want toget married and go to CanadaBecause he is Lord Hanuman's devotee.There is no tradition ofgetting married in his family.Oh, my God.Then how was Jagtar born?Valid question.What do I say about us?My family looks forstray kids.I don't undersiand, sir.How do I eat?I am feeling restless.I feel I cannot Kuku's case.Why? Has he become your senior?He has got a better promotion, sir.|G's son-in-law is the wholedepartment's son-in-law.I am just a small inspector.Tell me, what should I do?Brother, I think he has lost his mind.My wife would know if Kuku gets engaged.Because Kuku's sisterworks in my wife's school.Kuku's sister's the onewho is getting engaged.He is so stupid.Look at that, sir.To call a government officer foolis like calling the government fool.Really?So if anyone comes andtells you thatl am the SSP.....will you believe it?How can anyone say that? Iwill first enquire about it.Did you enquire about Kuku?No,I didn't.- Then go and do it. There the topic ends.Someone has eaten any myexpense for the first tim e.....in my 25 years of service.And herel don't feel likeeating anything.Now do you know how wefeel when we feed you?My right palm was itching since morning.I was bound to suffer a loss.Come on.Go.Anna has come to Indiaonly because of me.Some Balbir Singh from Hardaspun....em otionally trapped Anna'ssister and got married to her.And then he disappeared fromthere with all her money.And now we have foundout that he is in Punjab.You didn't lodge a police complaint?We have lodged a report everywhere.Actually, there is no oneby that name in that village.Strmge.My sister is in depression.Sheis in a bad state.You know we don't care about money.But he has cheated us.He has defamed us Puniabis.Weshould find the scoundrel.There are so manyBalbir Singh in Punjab.Where will we find this person?And who knows whether he is dead or alive.- Yes.And if he has lied about his village"...he must have lied about his name as yes.- Yes.How can someone do like that?All of you are so nice.But he? A cheat.Let's do one thing. There is aSikh temple 50 lcilomelres from here.Let's go there and pray.A pray made from a trueheart always comes true.Look, I have to testifyfor Nirm al's case tom orrow.We will go day after tomorrow.Mr. Kuku, each day isvery precious for AnnaWe will go in our car. It's okay.Our old man won't letus take the car.Deelfs car?Yes, we will take my car.- Yes, of course.His father has left a lot for him.Scoundrel, the carbelongs to your father?"| will get the car."It is after a long timethat I've liked a girl.And she's from Canada!You are a celibate. You should try and undersiand myfeelings. - Yes.So what shouldl do?- Why are you behaving like this?Look, be a brother and give us the car.Scoundrels, you saw a girl from Canadaand both of you started drooling.Both? Hey, Jashn, man, whydon't you go for the foreigner?Don't look towards Sahe].Looking at my sister's state, I don'tthink the foreigner will suit me.That's leaves me withonly one girl, Sahei.I think she is very smart.That means you won't goafter her. Thank you, man.Now you are talking like a kid.You can only marry someone you love.Then think that I love her a lot.Love. You?You met the girl iusi onceand you're in love with her?Why don't you say that you don'tsee the girl but the dollars?Why'? Love at first sight.And this is how love happens.- True.So, buddies,| amhere,but is the car ready?Gary, my car has broken down.Jagtar is repairing my newcar.It's not repaired as yet.Really? The car has broken down?- Yes.You were weaving your tales well.My car com es here for repairs.I know Jagtar since along time. Right, Jagtar.You are my younger brother.- No, I am your brother.Jagtar, it would've beengreat if we could get a car.Becausel am asking Sahei tofix me up with the foreigner.If things work out, yourbrother's life will be made.Then you can do whatever youwant,there won't be a problem?A lover boy? You too?Bloody kid.Jagtar, yo, yo.."L, too, will be called a Canadian.."Canada"I, too, will be called American..""Come on. Come on."L, too, will be called a Londoner..""L, too, will be called a Canadian.."For nowl am an |ndian.""L, too, will be called a Canadian.."For nowl am an |ndian.""Come on.""I just need to finda nice,beauti'l'|.|I girl.""I just should get achance to ask her out.""I just need to finda nice,beauti'l'|.|I girl.""I just should get achance to ask her out.""We, too, will be called a couple..""We, too, will be called a couple..""For nowl am single.""L, too, will be called a Canadian.."For nowl am an |ndian.""Village lads sing adifferent tune now."They are crazy about going abroad.""They will go abroad and earn dollars.""They will go to Canadaand US and drive trucks"Mother says my son will start earning.""He will get bundlesof dollars and pounds.""Come on.""We will be the talk of our town"We will be able to spend lavishlyat our daughter's wedding.""Father wishes to have big mansions.""He will lease the landand lead a relaxed life.""Our house will have all the luxuries"We will go to the Goldentemple whenever we please.""Lord Almighty.""L, too, will be called a Canadian.."For nowl am an |ndian.""L, too, will be called a Canadian.."A fresh rose is always fragrant.""Let me apply the soil ofmy Punjabi on my forehead.""You are right, brother.""A fresh rose is always fragrant.""Let me apply the soil ofmy Punjabi on my forehead.""L, too, will be called a foreigner..""L, too, will be called a foreigner..""For now I am a local.""L, too, will be called a Canadian.."For now I am an |ndian.""The whole universeserves You, day and night.""Please hear my prayer, Dear Lord.""The whole universeserves You, day and night.""Please hear my prayer, Dear Lord."In spite of being sosmart and intelligent....you let the girls stay at your house?This is all thanks to her support.Otherwise how can a girlfrom a decent family.....go and live at someone else's house?What makes you think you are decent?You were making a dealinvolving your daughter.Sir, those who makes deals oftheir daughter aren't called decent.Sister, I tried explainingto him, our girl is smart.It is not right to force her like this.Shut up. I will slapyou.You have defamed us.Sir, is this away to talk?She is your wife and not someoneyou have bought off the market.I dare you to touch her.Then see what I do to you.Look, this is our personal matter.You don't need to interfere.I have full intentions tointerfere in this matter.If you have the couragethen try messing with me.He says don't interfere.Why are you showing your teeth?What's wrong with my teeth?They all seem to be in their place.My aunt is the one whomanages to pull outteelh well.She pulls them andplaces them in one's palm.Aunt has done so withmore than the village.Sister, don't feelbad about what he says.Shut up. You too havestarted blabbering.Listen, if he ever raiseshis hand on you then tell me.If I don't make him stand inthe middle of the village""and hit him with a stick in sucha way that he will follow you.."Like a puppy all hislife,no one will call me aunt.Get up, let's go.Sit down, girl. I want to talk to you.You can leave. Go.And listen.. don't make the mistakeof raising your hand on her again.Otherwise, lnder Kaurdoes what she says.Shall I escort you out?"When it thunders like darkcloud,my aunt's stick lashes out.""Dean."He acts brave.He has scared the whole family.Don't be afraid of him, dear.Anna- Yes.What did you ask God for?- What else?And thatl should geta chance to punish him.And what did you ask God for?What else could I ask for?I prayed to God for only one thing.That my dad should stoplooking for weird boys for me.I will find one for myself.Nice.Sahe].Yes?What kind of a boy do you like?Why should I tell you?VWII you find such a person for me?Or are you thinking aboutwhat are your chances?No, it's not so.- Why? Why isn't it so?What do you mean? Am I not beautiful?What kind of boys are you?There is such a nicegirl standing before you.And you are not thinking aboutwhat are your chances with her.Jashn, you always stay quiet.You should say somethingsometimes at least.Yes, speak up.Well, a person needs to know wherehe siands even to flirt anyone.Look, Maan says, "Our status..'- Shut up.VWII we just keep standing here?Shall we go inside?Yes.Actually, I am starving.Just a minute. You guys goahead,we will go visit the washroom.0K5!-Come here. Come here. Come here.Thanks, man. You told herthat you are not interested.When did I say that?- Over there.I was talking about my status.That's why.. that'swhy you don't progress.Now I will show you how to trap a girl.As if she is not a girl, buta fish which you can trap.Telling thetruth doesn't help at all.You should make girls emotional.Emotional.Fine. But all I know isthat if 'lhere is no love"."Between the girl and theboy then nothing can happen.Okay, SageJashnpreet Singh.You find the girl you|ove.And stay here.I feel you have changed yourmind about going to Canada, right?It hasn't changed.I will surely go if I fallin love with a Canadian girl.Hello, listen to me, don't eye Seine].She is mytarget.Now should I get my eyesremoved or get my ears oiled?You should know what you want.But Sahei is my target.Don't worry about me.By the way, all the best.Thank you.This way.That's done. Come, let's go.Hey, man. You okay?I'm okay.- You are alright?'If Ilhy this noise'? What happened?Actually, I..Just a minute.Actually, I was cleaning mytongle.Why?I have to talk to such aclean girl all day along..'Nhalewen.Oh, my God. Aunt it chewing wood.Stupid, it's edible branch, not wood.That's actually an edibletoothbrush.Margosa tree's branch.And your mouth will be clean.Indian toothbrush.- Oh.Oh. Okay.- I'll get you one. I'll get you one.Anna, come with meLet's tour the village.Here's your Indian toothbrush, AnnaAnd one for you also.- Thank you, brother.We will go have a tourof the village. Let's go.Be careful of the village dogs.Why'? Do your village'sdogs bite outsiders?No, those dogs are very tame.Actually, a lot of peoplein our village act like dogs.What people are dogs?- You won't get it. Come, let's go.Well down.Keep drinking.You have made me so proud.Have some shame. You are smiling?I am being sarcastic.That's greaLbrother. What men you have.Useless guys.Tarsem, you should stay calm.Listen to me.If we buy the land around the highway"...hen we can sell them tobuilders at inflated rates.Brother, the man and his landrelationship get in our way.No, it won't. There are stillmany fools in this world.Only Kulcu is a tough nut to crack.I don't know who has trained him.Brother, why do you worry?Kuku's sister teachesin my wife's school.She is getting married on Sunday.I will be going there.|will talk to him over there.It's good if he agreesotherwise we will use our muscle.That ends to topic.- That's right.Hi! your (kink than."The girl looked at meand stole my heart away.""She looked at me andstole my heart away.""When she passes by me, at a slow pace.""| feel like giving her a big hug.""The girl looked at meand stole my heart away.""She looked at me andstole my heart away.""She looked at me andstole my heart away.""The boy doesn't tellbut he steals glances.""The boy doesn't tellbut he steals glances.""His mind keeps wandering somewhere.""| feel he won't be ableto survive without me ""The boy doesn't tellbut he steals glances.""He doesn't tell but he steals glances.""He doesn't tell but he steals glances."From where did she come here?Hoopi. I iusi remembered something.I'll have to |eave.|am suffering a huge loss.I'll have to go.- You are strange.We have come for \finnie's engagement.And you are talking about leaving.Listen to me.Do one thing, ask Kukuto meet me in the evening.But listen to me.Ask him to meet me in the evening.- But.."Her eyes drown you in them.""This is first time I haveseen such intoxicating eyes.""Her eyes drown you in them.""This is first time I haveseen such intoxicating eyes.""My life is at stake, I swear on God.""My life is at stake, I swear on God.""She looks so beautifuLiusilike Heer's sister.""When she dances in such a manner.""The girl looked at meand stole my heart away.""She looked at me andstole my heart away.""She looked at me andstole my heart away.""Our heart gets into trouble.""When it heeds to our eyes.""Once it gets trappedthere is no escaping.""A look is enough.""It gets difficult to survivea loss in love, my friends.""But no one cannot control one: heart.""But no one cannot control one: heart.""You never know whenyou fall for someone.""When love enters your heart.""The girl looked at meand stole my heart away.""She looked at me andstole my heart away.""She looked at me andstole my heart away.""One doesn't have toexplain things about love.""Love just happens, youdon't go looking for it.""One doesn't have toexplain things about love.""Love just happens, youdon't go looking for it.""Like he feels his heartis not in his control.""Like he feels his heartis not in his control.""| too feel that my heart is helpless.""| feel he is slowlydwelling in my soul.""The boy doesn't tellbut he steals glances.""The girl looked at meand stole my heart away.""The boy doesn't tellbut he steals glances.""The girl looked at meand stole my heart away.""The boy doesn't tellbut he steals glances."Sahe].You sing well.Thank you so much, Deep.By the way, your friendJashn sings very well.Kuku is right.Girls must be crazy about him. Right?What are you saying?He is from a very ordinary family.He sings at weddings and makes a living.But I had heard thathe is good in studies.What's the use? No job.He doesn't have a job.He owns no piece of land.But he has principles likethat of Mahatma Gandhi.Fine. Forget aboutJashmLets talk about you.Everyone has gone to have dinner.And you are still here. Come on.You too have dinner.- I have lost my appetite.Why?- I can't eat or sleep.Deep, did you consult a doctor?It's a bad thing.The doctor is standing before me.Who? Me?Good, you at least recognised it.Sahei, from the time I have seen you.....it's like someone has takenmy sleep, hunger and thirst.Sahe], did you feelbad about what I said?We||.. Look, I am not a bad boy.Deep, I know you are a very nice boy.But, look, Deep, we canbe very good friends.I am not talking about friendship.Try and understand me.You try and understand.We metiust a few days back.We hardly know each other.We have a lifetime to know each other.And, one falls in loveat first sight, right'?I cannot say anything at the moment.Well, okay. I havesaid what I wanted to.If you want to takesome time then do so.But, be careful, I shouldn'tbe another man to lose his love.Hey, what are you doing here?Everyone is having dinner.Let's go.Wow. It's so beautiful.Beautiful.So, what happened?- Anna, Navdeep says that he loves me.I never thought about it.And I never encouraged him either.He is not a bad boy.- Yes, he isn't.But one cannot decide on that basis.But the boys your dad isselecting are very bad.I know.Do one thing, select aboy and get married to him.And Deep is a good boy.Hey, then your dad can't do anything.And, moreover, Deep loves you.Shut up. I don't know whether heloves me or is it about going to CanadaBut.. your idea isn't bad.Anyway, soon or |ater,|have to get married.Then why should I delay it?I will think about Mr. Deep.Come, lefs go.- Let's go.Brother, my head is spinning.I saw Halina's sisterdancing at a wedding.Brother, I think trouble hascome knocking at our door.Did you confirm it was her or didyou run away from a random foreigner?Brother, who willrecognise her if not me'?I stayed with her in hersister's house for six months.If I don't recognise herwill Uiagar recognise her?Sir, I can recognisesomeone from his fragrance.Sit down, I know you.There isn't much differencebetween you and a dog.Gall me a dog if youwant,at least I am loyal.You shouldn't praise yourselfat every opportunity you get.You shouldn't interfere when weare talking about something serious.Tarsem, control your angenLetme think of something.Listen, henceforth, you won'tcome before that foreigner.She won't stay here forever.Got it?- Okay, brother. I got it.Very good. I am having a lot of fun.You know, this is the firsttimel am sitting on a tractor.Kuku, tell me something,whydidn't you get married?'With any Indian girl or a foreigner?I'm sorry, Kuku.....if I've made you upset.- No.Everyone asks me this question.I should've got married five years ago.But perhaps God didn'twant that to happen.You mean God? What does Godhave to do with your marriage?Anna, you are na6ve.In our countryeverything is done by God.When God didn't want meto getmarried,how could I get married?That's strange. Why can'tyou get married as you please?Aunt worries aboutyou.Don't you care for her?Hear that? Why don't I care for her?Who do I have other than aunt?She has dedicated her life to us.Then make her worries go away.Get married.I can get married, AnnaBut there is a problem.What?- I will need a girl to get married to.And you need a girl who loves you.And you, too, should love her.And love happens justonce, in your life.And once that passesby,it never comes back.You mean, you were in love with someone?What happened?I was in love. Andperhaps,she too, loved me.I just couldn't say it out aloud.And I thought she wouldread it in my eyes.I couldn't gather courageto go and tell her.What?- I love you.But you just said it.I must've said it a thousandtimes behind her back.But I couldn't open my mouthwhen I was standing before her.Never.Now if you like anygirl,you must say I love you.Any girl yearns tohear these words. Okay?You must say it out aloud.Out aloud. How loud?- I love you!Have you gone crazy? Allthe villagers will hear it.Hey, if that girl loves you, she too will say I..- Softly. Softly.Love you.Fool.I think I wouldn't be able togather courage this time as well.Otherwise, I would'vesaid it right away.Crazy.You said something?No. I was saying, auntmust be waiting for us.Yes, let's go. Sahei andI have to go out as well.Sahei, should I talk?- No. Please.You go to the room, I'll comethere.You guys talk. Saheilll be in my room.- Okay.Was shetroubling you?She could've stayed here.Shut up. He keeps talking nonsense.You told her as well?She is my friend. We share things.They share things.You love doing this, don't you?You have defamed me.I know what excusesI have made to people.Does it look good, you stayingat someone else's place like this?Viflll I ever think of somethingthat isn't good for you?I won't let anythinghappen against her wishes.Refuse all the familiesyou have spoken to.Tell them we have fixed her alliance.You interfered again?Have you forgotten this hand?Garmail, call Kuku's aunt.Mummy, I will call her right away.Son, what's the need for that?I was saying why we need to call her.It is our personalmatter,we will resolve it."Daddy, don't fight likethis.Mummy has high contacis."Shut up.I wonder from where he was born.He is yours. I didn't bring him with me.Mummy, here, call aunt.- Give it to me.Look at that. He wishes tosee his father get an earful.Daddy, we don't likeembarrassing you either.We, too, are humans. We have brains.We aren't cattle that you are nurturing.Now I'll see how you goto lnder Kaur's house.I will break your legs if you do.If we don't reach there by4:00pm ,aunt will come here.Daughter can lay their livesfor their father's honour.I've heard this dialogue in a movie.Dear, your father'shonour lies at your feet.Make sure you don't tarnish it.Which movie was it?- Keep quiet and sit there.Movie buff.Sahe], stay here.Your daddy doesn'tlike you staying there.Mummy, I will come back.lwill get married as well.But the boy will be someone I like.Look at the result ofsending her to CanadaEnjoy the consequence."The boy will be someone I like."Mummy,| know aboy.- I told you to keep quiet and sit tight.She will marry the boy I accept.I will marry after yougive your acceptance.But he will be my choice.She is right.I wouldn't have marriedsuch an authoritarian"...if someone would'veasked me my choice.An authoritarian?What did you say? An authoritarian?I am an authoritarian?So, what have you decided, Sahei?I am so confused.Both the boys aregood.They are different.Deep is very loud, outspoken.onehas to ask him to keep quiet.And Jashn, you have tomake him to talk to you.Deep believes in showing off.And Jashn never hides anything.I asked did you make a decision.It will take some time.But Sahe], both ofthem are close friends.There will be differencesbetween them because of you.A friendship that falls apart becauseof a girl, isn't strong enough.You are a smart girl.- Thank you.| know that.I tell you, once girls enter a beautyparlour they can be thrown out.."But they never come out willingly.By the way, we didn't tdce that long"."That you are makingsuch a scene about it.You say you didn't take long but ask me.I am the one who wasstanding outside, waiting.Really?Welcome. I was waiting for you.Are we late?No, you are on time.Kuku said we are late.- When didl say so?That's what you meant. Be honest.Right, Vinnie?- You are right.Where is Sahei? She didn't come along?Sahei has gone out for lunch.Okay.- She must have had hers.Ours is getting cold inside.- Yes, please. Please come in.No, the land is very useless.Yes. Make the deal.- Brother.400 acres. Don't worry about the money.I'll arrange for the money.- Broth er. Brother.Yes.Gall me in the evening.I'll give you all the information.Brother, listen to me. Just a minute.At least let me finish the conversation.I'll be finished by thetime you finish this.Why? Are dogs behind you?Brother, one can survive adog bite but not a bullet.She came home today.- What did you say?That foreigner came to your house?Did she see you?Brother, I wouldn't be standinghere if she would've seen me.You would come enqJiringabout me in central jail.Brother, do something.I don't understand howdid he come to your house'?Wives have a bad habit ofinviting people for lunch.They think people will saythe lunch was very tasty.She told me not to go outsidetodaygguests are coming home."There's a surprise for you."This is the surprise she gave me.She has given me a 440 volts shock.She has smoked me.Brother, you can still do something.Otherwise, both of us will get trapped.I will do somethingonce you stop yelling.We are already in trouble andon top of that you are yelling.I'll have to make arrangementsto send you abroad.That's right, brother. Send me abroad.Otherwise they will arrest me.Brother, I swear, my life will be made.I feel greedy when I see tasty food.And then I overeat.This is the result of overeating.You haven't eaten anything.Youareiusi making noise.I love Indian food.You just lilcelndian foodand not the Indian men'?I thought all Indians are like Balbir.My opinion was bad about Indian men.But, I found men like Kuku also.They are helpful andkind.And I changed my opinion.Anna, my brother is single. A bachelor.I know he is single.The one who will marryhim will be very lucky.'Anna, the one who marries youwill also be very formnate.'What are you thinking about, Kuku?Nothing.What will I think about?Can I use the washroom?- Yeah, sure.That way, adjoining the bedroom.Where is Mr. Tarsem?He was here. I wonder where he has gone.His meetings don't let him sit at home.Hey. You?- What are you doing here?Sahei has called me here.Sahei has invited me as well.Come, let's go then.- Okay. You too come along.Hi, Sahe].Hello, Sahe].- Hello.Sahei, you didn't tell me thatyou have invited Jashn as well'?Well, I had called up both of you.Don't you both discussthings among yourselves?I thought you might havesurely discussed about it.Yes. - No.- Yes.- No.I mean, we didn't meet yesterday.- Yes.Otherwise we share everything between us.- Yes.And the mobile network is alsodown most of the time nowadays.Isn't it? It's not possibleto talk.Yes.Okay, sit down. Or doyou want to keep standing?Yes, yes, sure. Do you want to sit?Yes, sure.- Come, sit.Anna, I want to change yourname from Anna to Anna Hazare.He is on hunger strike and youhave taken an oath of silence.This girl didn't uttera single word on the way.She looks upset as if she isgetting cramps in her stomach.Are you feeling alright?Yes, Kuku,| am okay.Hello, if you want to liesay it with confidence.This Kamaliit Singh Kuku,can catch a lie very easily.Tell me the truth. What's the matter?He is Tarsem Singh, whydo you have his photograph?He is not Tarsem, he is Balbir.Anna, your eyes have become weak.He is Tarsem Singh, avery big businessmen.And you got the report in Canadathat Balbir Singh is missing.Believe me, he is Bdbir.You are mistaken. And you onlysaid that Balbir Singh wears turban.And he doesn't wear a turban.Then Balbir Singh and TarsemSingh, how can be the same thing?Why don't you believeme? He is the same thug.Bring him before mejust once. Am I lying'?No. No, Anna, you cannot lie.BuLburlii Tasan Singhis Baht Singh hem....| will definitelyexpose him. I promise you.The food was very tasty, isn't it?Yes.We have overeaten as the food was tasiy.No, I'll pay the bill.Oh, no. Jagtar, scoun..Sorry. He took my wallet.Is it?And he didn't even keep it back.Do one thing, you pay the bill.Look it was my lunch treat.I'll pay you later.Deep, you very wellknow that the money.....my father sends me gets overby the 15th or 20th of the month.Right? So what's the date today?24th.This Jagtar is taking undueadvantage of our friendship.We have to teach him a lesson.You are absolutely right, Deep.Even though if youremployee is your friend"...he shouldn't forget that along withbeing a friend he is also a servant.Don't worry I'll pay the bill. Asit is, I had invited both of you.Okay, fine. But I owe you guys a treat.And I don't like girls paying the bill.Why? Why can't girls pay the bill?Jashn, you tell me, havel doneanything wrong by paying the bill?No, I don't feel so. As itis, I cannot afford the bill.Why do you worry when I am there?I am there. Okay, fine,I owe you for this bill.Sahe], I will pay youwhen I meet you nexttime.Shall we leave now?No, you both sit and think whowill pay the bill nexttime.I'm leaving,bye-bye. - Bye.Stop. Stop. Stop the jeep.Stop, stop. Stop. Stop.Tell me one thing, you scoundrels,you want liquor before.."And after the meals.This is not liquor, this is beer.He doesn't even knows this much.When did we drink before lunch?We cannot drink in front of Seine].We have some self-respect.Okay, tell me one thing,when did I steal your wallet?Rascals, you both steal moneyfrom my pocket every day.Did I ever say anything to you?Did you tell him this?Listen, TaraYou steal money from my wallet and.....now you call meTara instead of Jagtar?Sorry, sorry. Very sorry.Sardar Jagtar Singh Hai.- Check.Listen, don't listen to Jashn.The quiet and silent types ofpeople are very smart and cunning.When you know that Sahei ismine even then you went there.You went there withoutinforming your friend. Why.'It's okay.- What "it's okay"?If the girl calls me howcould I refuse and stay back.Scoundrel, you could have madesome excuse and stayed back.She is going to be yoursister-in-law in future.Stop dreaming of makingher our sister-in-law.The girl has not even said it once.Listen, you did not go?You are questioning me?She is my girlfriend.- Alright.No, it's not alright.If he says that Katrina Kaifis mygirl friend, would you believe it?Listen to me, I have told you somany times to stay away from girls.Once a girl comes into ourlives our friendship falls apart.Look at this.You are wrong. Listen to me, ifeverybody worships Lord Hanuman.....then how will thisuniverse move ahead?Man does not make the universemove it's the God who helps it move.After giving birth to fourkids we say it's God's gift.It must be happening withguys like you, not us.I am going to relief myself.- Let's go.What are you saying, Kuku?It's good that you didn't speakwith anybody else about this.Mr. Tarsem Singh isa respectable person.You are saying that he is Balbir Singh.I am very confident, sir.| am sure.Madam , the time periodyou are talking about....Tarsem Singh wasin India at that time.He was working on aproject near Bangalore.And his wife was in Englandfor educational purposes.But Anna cannot make sucha big mistake, Inspector.What do you mean?You just bring TarselnSingh in front of me once.Madam, tomorrow if you sayyou suspect Amitabh Bachchan.....bring him to you.It's not how things work.You should have some evidence.Do you have Balbir Singh's photo?Do you have any?Strange, he lived withyou for six months"...and you don't evenhave his photograph?When you filed a report in Canadathe embassy had sent his photo.But he was some other person.The way we feel that allthe Japanese look dike"....similarly,| feel she feels thatall the men in turban look alike.Am I right?I don't know about that, Inspector""but I feel all thepoliceman are alike.We will inform you ifwe get any information.We will call you up.We will be grateful you.- Yes.I was also wondering how my photodisappeared from the bedroom.No problem, it's just the photo.What will she do with the photo?That's okay, brother,but you please support me.Sir, you know it very wellthat I did everything"...as per your instruciions.As per my instructions?Did I tell you to goand trap a foreigner?Your wife went to studyand you trapped a foreigner.And what was the need foryou to flee with her money?Brother, I..- Shut up you rascal.We settled Dasonda'smatter after you left.But you have ruined thewhole matter after returning.Sir, what are your orders for me?Well, I don't give anyinformation to anyone"...but| can't help it,my kids are growing up.Their needs are also increasing.Stop laughing. Give him some money.Saw? Saw that? Sirhas been so kind to me.But a pet dog neverbites the family members.Hem ember one thing Uiagar Singh.....if1he dog acts crazy, its shot dead.But my experience says thatif a mad dog bites anyone.....then the dog also dies.Good bye, and copy to all.Sir, this mad dog of yourswill definitely bite us someday.She has come.Hello.- Hello.My servant told me that you have come.What a pleasant surprise!Please be seated.Yes. You too have a seat.Actually, we wanted to discussa very important matter with you.That's why we have come to meet you.Okay, tell me, how I can help you.Well, actually, hersister has a problem.Yes, tell me.A married man fromIndia had gone to Canada.He went there and gotmarried to her sister.He stayed there for a shortperiod and after that....he stole all her moneyand came back to IndiaHe went missing after coming here.Okay. But how can Ihelp you in this matter?I am sure you must have lodgeda report in the police station.Yes, we have lodged the complaint.And the fact is we have a slightdoubt about who that person is.We just want to confirm it.The problem is thathis wife is very nice.When we look at hiswife we feel very sad.That's the confusion now,what should we do now.But is his wife aware about all this?No. No, she is not aware of anything.But whenever it is confirmedyou please inform his wife.Such a man should be shot dead.Really, you mean that?Are you telling the truth?Yes, Anna, I'm telling thetruth.Such a man should be shot dead.You have relieved mefrom a great burden.Anna, I think we should move.Thank you so much.We are getting late. Let's go, AnnaYou please be seated. Have some teaNext time. We will leave.We shall take your leave now.Okay, thank you so much.Why don't you sit down?Your daughter is notgoing to come back"...if you walk around like this.Okay, tell me, does it looknice to leave your own house.."And go and live insomebody else's house?After all she is your daughter.She is stubborn like her father.She said that she will comeonly after she selects a boy.Are the boys found hanging onthe trees in lnder Kaur's garden?Is she going to pluck oneof them and bring home to us?Why didn't she see the boythe onel had selected for her?Leave aside the good or badpoints of a boy selected by you.....when she came to knowabout the money marten....she refused to meet any of them.I'm sure you must have told about it.Otherwise how would shecome to know about it?Sometimes I feel like giving twoslaps to you and your son as well.Listen to me very carefully. If youever raise your hand on me again.....you will get twice as payback.You will not be able to bear it.Why don't you leash meand tie me near the door?Give me food twice in a day. Youhave made me a dog in my own house.This man has done onlybad deeds all his life.Now he says I have made him a dog.I really feel sorry for Ms. Hoopinder.She is such a nice ladyand such unfortunate thing"...is happening with her.For once I thought forgetit, let bygones be bygones.But Kuku says, theculprit should be punished.He is absolutely right. Don'tleave him. Do you understand?But we don't have any proof with us.You are helping me a lot. And I..Hello, madam, no need to say thank you.As it is a Punjabi hascheated your sister.So it's the duty of allus Puniabis to help you.Do you follow?Okay, tell me one thing,have you taken any decision.."About Deep and Jashn?I think Jashn, too, loves you.Strange, you see lovein Jashn's eyes for me.But didn't you notice lovefor you in Kuku's eyes?I have, but Sahei, I might"What "| might"?He loved somebody else before.He couldn't get the one helove, he was heartbroken.And he still has not forgotten her.I cannot break his heart.|have to go back to my country.I belong to a different country.Hello madam,what are youtalking about countries?You don't fall in love afterseeing which couniry one belongs to.You just fall in love. That too withoutthinking and considering anything.I hope you understand me?Kuku is very nice and decentperson. I just can't break his heart.Yes, if he is iilted inlove for the second tim e.....he might not be ableto bear this pain again.Sahe], slowly, my child.Look here, Anna Head thisGet up.-Came|.It means get up in Punjabi. Get up.Get up?- You be seated.Camel. Camel.- Camel?Camel.- Yes.Yes, camel.- Camel.Hello, aunt.Hello.- Hi, AnnaHello.Hi, Sahe].How come you are here?Jagtar dropped you here?Jagtar had some work, Itook the bus and came here.You could have called me up.'If Ilhy would you come to pick me up'?No, I would have alsosuggested you to come by bus.You are great.Okay, you have a cup of tea and I.. AnnaAnnaAnna- Yes, what happened?Keep all your papers readywe have to go and meet.....a very important person today.- Okay.It's very important. Okay.Keep all the papers ready.The doctor has comelwill go and meet him.Okay, fine.I'll get tea for you, brother.You let it be. Aunt,you make tea for me.God save me from her teBe careful. Don't pop his eyes out.You keep the waterboiling. I will make the teYou are very dangerous.Come on. You are so mischievous.Broiher troubles me a lot.Hi.- Hi.The weather is good.- Yes.Well, if you don't like this cot,I will get another one for you.Please be seated.Sit down.- Okay.I feel you have liked this place.Your family membersdon't tell you anything?No, papa is very angry with me.But I can't leave my friend alone.As it is we are helping her so much.Tell me, whom are yougoing to meet today?One of my friends.He is a police inspector but he'ssuspended since the last six months.Punishment for being loyal and honest.So, do you also believe that theloyal and honest always get punished?That's what happens.People feel good aboutlies and fake and.....think that an honest person is a fool.So, despite knowing everythingyou also believe in the same thing.Why is it so'?TeaI didn't make the tea,brother, aunt has made it.Have it.I'm sorry, Jashn. If you don'twant to tell then please don't.It's your wish.It's not like that, Sahei.I believe that a single truth isstronger than a thousand lies.As it is everybody knowseverything about me.People made fun of me in the college.But I even met a few peoplewhodidn't look at my background.They saw only me.And Kuku is one of them.Kuku is a very nice human-being.If he is doing so much forAnna, so he can help anybody.And whatever you are doing for Anna,only very few people can do that.Okay, stop talking about me.Shall I ask you something?Why don't you take up a job?I mean you should take upsome job or do a business.Your parent's might look for agirl for marriage for you in future.The girl's family will ask whatthe boy is doing. What 'then?My mother is no more andmy father is illiterate.He lived all his lifeas a live in son-in-law.A character everyone can joke about.I can never get married.What if a girl loves you andyou also love her, not even then?You too areioking withme, the way everybody does.Jashn, I am not joking.I'm asking you seriously.If you love a girl andthe girl also loves you.Not even then?Yes, I do love her.For the first time in my lifel sawa girl and felt liketalking with her.But I don't know what's in her heart.The day she says yes I'll not step back.Because that's my nature. Once ifI go forward, I never go back off.Shall we leave, Jashn Singh?Anna, come, we are getting late now. AnnaYes, coming.Sahe], you were sayingthat you wanted to go home.So shall we drop you on the way?No, Gary is coming to pick meup. I'll come in 'lhe evening.Sure?Yes.Okay, then, we shall leave now. Come on.Bye.'The day she says yesI'll not step back.''Because that's my nature. Onceif I go forward, I don't back off.'Hello, Deep.- Hello.How are you, Sukhi?- Fine, brother.Go, get it. - Iwill. - Jagtar.Why'? 'What happened?He left early in themorning. Something is fishy.I have seen a lot of lover boys.I can see a glimpse ofHan]ha's esirangem ent.."And Mirza's sadness andMahiwaPs restless in his eyes.Scoundrel, you flunkedPunjab literature in college.From where did you get these details?From where did you getthe overhauling done?No overhauling, I am just laughingat these lovers' stupidity.Look, first Haniha got his earspierced, renouncing material world.Then he grazed cattle for 12 years.But let see what our Haniha does.My boy, you too are after that girl.Brother, I am trying my luck.Let's see if I get lucky.Otherwise, I'll look forsomeone else, or someone else.Or someone else.I will find someone for myself.Just write nice dialogues for me.I want to recite them to Sahe].Those dialogues were very good.But nowadays, it needs..It needs to be up there. Up there.Here, hold this wrench.- A wrench?And go under the car.- Who? Me?No, your father.- Laali. Get our workshop's shirt.Here, wear it.- Brother, there are so many boys here.You can send anyone in there.My boy, don't you want me to write dialogues for you?- Yes.Don't you want to drink beer?- Yes.Get under it. Open the filter.That's it. This is how you blackmail me.That's why I don't come here.You make me do all the work.He was giving me abrief on Heer and HanihYou are making me, a celibate,write romantic dialogues.Brother, that's why I ammaking your write them.There's a lot offire in you.- Wait, you..How are you, Jashn?- Strange. How did you know it is me?Shame on our friendship I can'trecognise my friend's touch.We have been lookingfor you since morning.Then I thought that it'stime for you to be here.You must be here. Forget it. Meet Kuku.Hello, brother.- Hello, brother.How are you? - Anna-She's here from CanadaHi.- Nice meeting you.Kuku, Jashn always talkabout you when we meet.Kulcu is like this. Kuku is like 'lhat.Now I feel I know you very well.He also tells me about you quite often.That I got suspended?Forget all this. Firsitell me, what you will have.I get half my salary.That's enough for me.I can afford it.- We will be having something today, brother.But what we want is your help.- My help?Suspended sub-inspectorViiay Singh Chauhan.Mr. Chauhan, when activeofficers can't help people.....suspended officerscome to their rescue.Wiay, we really need your help.Now only you can guide us.God is the one who guides everyone.Still let me know what the problem is.Then I will seewhatl can do.No one can do anything.You saw? They left youalone and went somewhere"...so late in the nightbecause of that Wiay.Why should we feelscared in our own village?And then,| stay alonefor many days at a stretch.I am not scared of anyone.Everyone is scared of me.Aunt, Viiay won't find anything.He was a sub-inspecionHeis suspended now.He drinks all daylong.And he fights with anew officer everyday.Actually, he has beenbitten by a big of honesty.And you know how dangerous that can be.You mean a person shouldbe dishonest, right?That's not what I mean. Imean one needs to be practical.Practical .Look, is it wrong to lieor make some adjustments"...to get one's work done, right?You say that what I teachchildren at school is wrong.I shouldn't teachthem to tell the truth.Saw that? This is whatis wrong with girls.Aunt, they over-analyzeeverything that is said.Sahe], why did you start this with him?Now he just won't stop. He willkeep bringing up different points.This is how he has always been.Sit herewith him. I'llgo and get some hot milk.Aunt, first tell me, youare on my side, right?Aunt support the truth, got it?- Yes. - Keep quiet. Sit down.Hey..By the way, Deep, thank you.You showed m e the wayof how to stay in IndiaWhat's great in that? Thisis how things wrong here.I will stay in India now. So,|should learn how the system works here.What did you say? You arenot going back to Canada?No, life there is veryhard. It's great over here.Even idle people enjoy life here.No, look, your parents havespent a lot of money on you.And you say you don't wantto go back. It's not right.And life here isn't good,life in Canada is great.Forget it, Deep. You havea bad time working there.Here the onel marry willwork and I will enjoy my life.Right, Vinnie?- Right, Sahei.L, too, have decided notto work after marriage.I will sit at home. He will earn. I will have fun.- Yes.Okay. Fine. I'll make a move now, aunt.Kuku will be here soon.He must be on his way back.No. Drink the milk before you leave.Actually, my stomach isupset. I am getting cramps.I won't be able to drink milk now.Fine. I'll make a move now.- Bye, Deep.Bye-bye.- Bye.Girls, what's wrong with him?He ran away all of a sudden.Aunt, now he will have loose motions.So, Mr. Ghauhan, this is the story.Now you tell us what we should do.Wiay, reputation ofPuniabis is at stake.This means the key to thisproblem is with Uiagar Singh.But what should we do now?Let me think. Let me think.Look you need to use crookedmeans to solve crooked cases.I am sorry, Viiay. But Tarsem is Balbir.Don't worry. I know everything.Look, no rules apply on asuspended police officer.And then how can they suspendan already suspended officer?So, you go home andlet me think over it.I will let you knowwhen I need you guys.Okay?- Thank you, brother. Thank you very much.Enough. Enough.I need to go. I can't run anymore.And there is water over here.I know what you are talking about.Why don't you say that you are out of breath?- Yes.Your radiator has heated.- What is it?Go, continue running.It's so early in themorning.| am feeling cold.You know how cold it gets in Canada?Who is going to Canada?- Why? What happened?Sahei says that she doesn'twant to go back to CanadaWhat do you mean? Saheiisn't going back to Canada?No. She isn't.Hear him talk. As ifhe is engaged to her.Hello, she is impressedwith me. - Really? - Yes.A little more effort by me andshe will agree to get engaged.But what's the use now? She saysshe doesn't want to go to CanadaShe has spoilt my mood.Where are my dialogues?- Your dialogues?Here you go.You can.No. They might be useful to you.Hold this.- Do one thing, you keep them with you.They might come in handy some place else.I write my own dialogues.That's fine, but I don'tunderstand one thing.What kind of a girl is Sahei?She came back from Canada and.....now she says shedoesn't want to go back.It's hard to believe.It's like it happens in Punjabi movies.It's okay. It happens. Don't feel sad.Okay? I have to go for an interview.I am going there, seeyou in the evening.Idiot.Look, Sahei, parents are boundto worry about their children.It's not wrong for your fatherto worry about your marriage.He called me up.He said his daughterhas come from Canada....and is staying atsomeone else's house.This is giving him a bad reputation.Okay, aunt. We will leaveif you are tired of us.But still, I won't go to my house.Becausel know my father very well.Aunt, he is very stubborn.He does what he decides upon.You aren't any less stubborn.You are welcome to stay over here.I am happy that youguys are staying here.Look how happy Kuku is.He used to stay sad all daylong.Aunt, I know why Kuku usedto stay sad earlier and.....why does he look happy now.Aunt, try and understand.Anna is the reason behind his happiness.Yes, this fear is troubling me as well.Talk to Kuku. Look, Annahas come from abroad.She will go back to her count-y.And Kulcu will once againbe in the same state.Earlier as well he had usedliquor to drown his sadness.That's it then, liquorwas the only solution.But that's not a solution.I know, but it helps youforget things for a while.You know, when apatient is in pain.."Doctor inject painkillersto kill the pain for awhile.So, liquor helps kill thepain in the heart for awhile.No. This is so wrong.It was your fault that youdidn't tell her "| love you."Make sure to tell the girl you love her.How will you say it?Hey, look at me.Look here.Go,man.Hey, look here.I can't say it.- Then how will get any girl?How will she know that you love her?She doesn't know.You, too, will leave me some day.You said something?I said.. we are getling late. Let's go.We'll talk about it later.Kuku, you know what? You are impossible.If I ask him to get married, he refuses.L, too, thought why deceive any girl?And what's the use of 'the marriageif both of them stay unhappy?Anyway, forget about him.Tell me about yourself.What are you thinking about?Aunt, what's there for me to think?Hear that? What does that mean?You won't think of anything.You won't let yourfather think about it.Then what do you wish to do?Aunt, by the way, I like a boy.And I feel he, too, likes me.But papa won't agree for our alliance.Hey, leave that to me.Forget your father, I canconvince his father as well.But aunt, grandpapassed away 10 years ago.Shut up. I mean it's myresponsibility to convince your father.Tell me, who is that boy?I will tell you, aunt. I will tell you.But first, let me talk to him.3:99'-.Where is Jagta“?- Brother, he must be under 'lhe ca'.I am here.How are you, man?Sorry, man.What is it? Why are you alone?Where's Deep?- Where will Deep go?What does a hunter dogdo? Look for a pray.He will keep looking for apray, you have a look at the car.It is giving jerks since yesterday.You are destined toget jerks all your life.Some jerks will be given by it as well.Sell this trash and buy a nice car.Listen, older the liquorthe better it tastes.The older the friendship the better.Then why isn't it samewith the car as well?Let me tell you.A new car is like a new girlfriend.As it gets older it startstroubling like an old girlfriend.Girls have to feature inall their conversations.These boys can't think aboutanything other than girls.Jagtar, relax, cool.Look, with great difficultyhas our friend found love.You are say such thingsand making him homeless.He is the silent-type.He keeps his mouth shut whena girl is standing before him.What will he do?Look the silent-types likehim are like a devil's tail.If you love the girl, get onthe terrace, play the drums.."And announce it to theworld. Close the topic.He too? Who is he involved with?The one from Canada, Seine].Forget it. She is avery tough nut to crack.Jagtar, you are surroundedby machines all daylong.You don't know what's happening outside.She is signalling him,that'swhy things are progressing.Oh I see. His alignment is already done.And here, the expert ofcars has no clue about it.Look, Jagtar, don't tellanything to Deep as yet.Nothing is confirmed as yet.I feel Sahei too.. But..but nothing is confirmed.It will affect our 'friendship.Jashn, a friendship that falls apartwas not strong enough to begin with.Deep was after her becauseshe was going to Canada- Yes.And now she isn't going to CanadaShe said so to test Deep.But.. but look, nothingis confirm ed, man.If it isn't confirmed then confirm it.Otherwise, give up everything andcome with me to Hanumen temple."| wi||.."- Sir, should I also get half empty bottle?Keep quiet. Keep quiet.My wife.. is a very religious woman.Very religious.No meat, chicken, fish, eggs,liquor is allowed inside the house.So, sir, you won'tbe going home tonight.Then will I be going to yours?No, I mean, sir, you havehalf a bottle of liquor.....and four chicken legs inside you.So how can you go to your house?Keep quiet. Keep quiet. Don't blabber.Take the bottle with you.- I don't drink, sir.Then give it to someoneelse. Don't argue with me.Sir, should I drive you home?I will drive it. I know how to drive it.Don't talk nonsense."Click a photo of me dancing.""Click.. click a photo of me dancing.""Click a photon""Click."Click."Click."Click.Quietly drive the car.Drive it to a place I want you to.Viiay, you? You stillcrack such funny jokes.I am notioking. I am serious.And you know when I am serious.You are right. Anyway,I don'tlikeiokes.Drive.Okay. I will drive it.Answer it. Jashn. Your phone is ringing.Jashn, answer the phone. Hey..'Where is he'?Damn..Listen to me. Meet me at theRoyal restaurant at 11 o'clock.Got it? Listen, I want to tellyou someihing very important.Don't tell anyone. Anddon't bring anyone along.Okay.- Bye.Sahei has asked you tomeet her at Royal Castle.And she has also said notto tell anything to anyone.Shewants to discuss somethingvery important with you.Hence I don't know thatyou have gone there.You didn't tell her that it'snot Jashn, but Deep on the line?|would've said something ifshe would've given me a chance.She doesn't stop once she begins.By the way, what is this is about?And remember one thing, my friend.She isn't going back to CanadaYou are a schmuck.What did you say? I didn'tget it. What's a shuck?Schmuck. It meansAbuse me properly. Say, you..What's the use if you have to use adictionary to know what an abuse means?Anyway, all the best.Deep, tell me the truth, willyou feel bad if I go meet her?People say that a friendship breaksif a girl comes in the middle.Oh, my noble schmuck. We arefriends like in the movie 'Sholay'.We should even sing a song withthat extra cart on the bike.Don't worry. I will come with you.No. She has asked not to bring anyone.She has, really? I said I willgo with you, that means I will.Brother, Uiagar ismissing since late night.Yes, his wife had come in the morningenquiring about his whereabouts.They said they foundhis car near the river.Brother, then you shouldask the department....if any dead bodyhas been washes ashore.By the way, brother,he won't commit suicide.There's a possible thatsomeone must have murdered him.....and throw him in the river.It will be great if someonehas taken care of him.Tarsem Singh, such peopledon't die so quickly.Really? They take time?I mean then we shouldn'tbe so happy about it.We have that issue with that foreigner.And you are saying thatUiagar won't die so easily.Brother, then, we should pray thatsomeone should've taken care of him.Otherwise he would have troubled us.I don't understandone thing. Where is he?I can eat only once you untie my hands.The apple is not for eating"But for target practice.No, Wiay, don't. Brother. Brother.Tell me the truth. Who is Balbir?And how did he get a passport?Sir, it's been six sincemonths since you practiced.Careful you might hit UiagarSingh at the wrong place.No, Viiay. No.Tasem is BaMnTarsem is Bdbir.I made a false verificationreport and got his passport made.I did all this at Harnam Singh's behestI seized Dasvinder Singh's land as well.He was after Tarsem.Harnam Singh sent Tarsem to CanadaAfter a few months we gotDasonda killed in an accident.Dalbir.- Sir.That's great.I hit right on targeteven after six months.I am worried.Place another apple.Why another one?I told you the truth about everyone.No, brother. No.If your hand shivers even a bitmy children will become orphans.Even Dasonda Singh had children.You didn't feel any pity back then.Sir, Uiagar Singh's tank has leaked.Not just the tank, even the big drum.At least now let me go.Jashn..- Sahe], I am not here to interfere.I am here just to say that my friendis very nice, honest and decent.He was also good in studies.Sooner or later he willget a very good job.You won't be able to find a better guy.He loves you a lot as well.- Can't he say all that?That's why I have force invited myself.If he could then whatwould've been the problem?Okay, I'll make a move now.Deep.Sorry, I lied to you.That I don't want to go to CanadaI know.I am not that that asmuch as you think I am.I cameto know duringVinnie's engagement."That I am dialling the wrong number.Fine. All the best I'll make a move.'If I wouldn't have helped him today.'...he would've never expressedhis feeling to any girl.''It's okaywith me. if I didn'tget her I'll get someone else.''Come on, Deep. Let's finda cure for the heart ache.'Couldn't you say all this?I could, but I had told you onceI move forward, I can't back off.Now if your dad doesn't agree,you shouldn't back off either.That's what I wanted to see, howgood you are at keeping promises.This is the first timeI realised what love is.Now we will face whatever comes our way."Listen, my beloved.""Yes, my love'? ""Let's go.- Where to""A place different than all.""Where there's just you and me.""There shouldn't be anyone to spot us.""Far away from this world.""Far away from this world.""Let's make a differentworld for ourselves.""You and me.""You and me.""You and me.""You and me.""My heart races.""But it fears sometimes as well.""My heart races.""But it fears sometimes as well.""That we might get separated.""You and me.""You and me.""You and me.""You and me.""You and me.""Yes, you and me.""One cannot attainlove fearing the world.""Don't worry. Place your headon my chest and go to sleep.""Don't worry. Place your headon my chest and go to sleep.""My love.- Yes, dear?""Listen to me, my love.- What is it, dear?""This world is evil."This world is evil."Let's save our love from it."You and me.""You and me.""You and me.""You and me.""You and me.""Yes, you and me.""My love, I am yourheartbeat, you are my heart.""My love, I havededicated my life to you.""My love, I havededicated my life to you.""Don't fear, my dear.""Don't break my heart.""Hold my heart, my dear.""Don't ever shy away.""My dear, you love me?""My heart now belongs to my beloved.""My life has become musical.""Let's add fragrance to flowers.""Let's add fragrance to flowers.""Come let's sing love songs.""You and me.""You and me.""You and me.""You and me.""You and me.""Yes, you and me.""Yes, you and me.""Yes, you and me."That's great.What you did is amazing.- Thank you, sir.Sir, you can takewhatever action you want.Sir.Wait.Turn around.Why are you staring at me?Well done.I reinstate both of youwith imm edi ate effect.Report me in your completeuniform within 5 minutes.You began this case,hence you will end it.Sir.Aunt, where's Anna? Anna? Anna?Why are you shouting? What happened?Where is Anna? Anna?- Anna is here. What happened?Where is Anna? Anna!Why are you going there? Sheis on the terrace with Sahe].Anna!Anna!Anna! Yes! Anna!Anna! Anna! Anna, I'm so happy.I'm so sorry. Anna.- What?There's good news.What happened, brother?- Tarsem is Balbir.Oh really? Yes!Anna!Viiay made Uiagar confess everything.Now no one can save that bastard.I'm.. I'm so happy-.Yes.What, Kuku?You are so happy for me?- Yes.You are so happy for me?You are very nice.You.. you too are very nice, AnnaAnna, I.. I want tosay someihing to you.Say it, Kuku.Anna, well, I wanted to say"Tell me. Why are you hesitating?I wanted to say thatwe are getting late.We should go meet Tarsem. Let's go.Take me along.Why are you standing?Please have a seat.No, madam. We cannot sit today.Why? What is it? Whyare you in such a hurry?Why are you looking at each other?Tell me, what is it?What should we say,ma'am? We are speechless.Look, please, I am getting worried.I will know about itonly when you tell me.Look, Hoopinder, I'm really sorry.I am very sorry tobreak this news to you.Tell me, what is it? ls Tarsem alright?Tarsem is alright.What will happen to him?Actually, ma'am , the otherday we had come to you"....to tell you that someonehad betrayed Anna's sister.....and came back to India- Yes,| know.We have confirmed theidentity of that person.Now we need to decide his fate.Fine, but what can I do in 'that?Now whatever can be done canonly be done by you, ma'am.Because.. I'm sorry to saythat person is none other than..Tarsem .Ma'am.Madam, when you had goneto UK for your education""behind your back Tarsem hasgone to Canada on a fake passport.He went there and gotmarried to Anna's sister.And when he came to know thathis enemies in India are dead"...Tarsem deceived her, took allher money and came back to IndiaMadam ..Is your decision still the same?My decision..Is still the same.But where is Tarsem?What? Did you hear it properly?Broth er..Did you make sure of it?Hang up now. Anotherproblem has cropped up.What happened, brother? ls Uiagar dead?Such people don't die quickly.Really?- What are you doing here? Hun.Wiay has been reinstated.He will be here any moment.- And you, brother?What brother? Whose brother?- Don't do that, brother.I will die alone inprison. Come with me.I will take you with me. Nothing doing.Hun away. I have political immunity.Nothing will happen to me.Brother, what you did was not right.You have ruined me.I will pay back for this.I will take your name.Those who take my name die. Go away.What you did was not right, brother.Hoopi. Hoopi.Where are you? Hoopi.Hoopi, pack a few thingsquickly. We have to leave.Hurry up.- Why? Where are we going?You women will never stop questioning.I'll tell you that later.Take Pinky and hurry up.We don't have much time.Be back in a minute.Neither will I go anywhere,not will I let you go anywhere.This is no time to ioke. It's a realpistol, you will shoot it accidentally.Give it to me.No.No, Hoopinder. I forgive himfor your and Pinky's sake.But I won't forgive him.He has deceived not one but two women.Look, Hoopi, for God's sake,don't take Pinky away from me.I will tell you about these foreigners.They are characterless. Theyget married a number offimes.Shut up. Their characteris better than yours.She is still forgiving you.But now, I won't let even yourshadow fall on my daughter.I'll tell you tomorrow.Your game is over, Tarsem Singh.Come with me.- Hoopi. Hoopi, look.Nothing has happened.We will make sure it does soon.Okay, he too is donefor'? Hello, brother.Do you recognise me now?No, no, no. Why are you so angry?It's so hot, and I've heardthere's no air conditioner in iail.Stop your nonsense, all thishas happened because of you.Why are you getting so angry?Save some of yourconversation for prison.You can share yourjoys and sorrows there.Get him in.Come.You stayed in someone'shouse for a month.Didn't you feel any shame?Now you have broughtthis useless guy here.His father lived offhis father-in-law.And now he is here to do the same.Stop it. He is educatedand our girl likes him.Don't interfere.Flies always gather over sweets.He went after her becauseshe has come from CanadaUncle, you can say you wantto me, but not my father.Why? Am I wrong?A brother shouldn't stayin his sister's house.And a son-in-law shouldn'tstay at his wife's house.A smart person always checks thebreed of the dog before taking it in.And you?- Uncle, please.No matter how he is,he is still my father.You cannot say such things about him.You are Sahe]'s father otherwise"- What otherwise?Yes?What will you do?Did you hear that, girl? Hewould've raised his hand on me.Think over it. You cango with him if you want.But then, never come back to this house.Papa, please.Papa, at least listen to me.Sahe], I had told you, I never back out.I won't back out now either.Come, lefs go.Sahei, I'm talking to you.Sahe].I don't know how to thank all of you.I have no words.All of you are very nice.I'll miss everyone a lot.Sahei, why are you so quiet?Her father threw Jashn out of his house.Why didn't you call and inform me?Aunt, Jashn had askedme to come with him.But I don't know whyl couldn't move.Aunt- Yes?'Where is Kulcu'?- Kulcu'?He left early in the morning.His phone too is switched off.Perhaps, he couldn'tsee both of you leave.I wanted to give Kuku special thanks.Nothing would've beenpossible without his help.Anna.Kuku has given this for you.And he has asked you to open thispacket only after you reach CanadaTell Kuku that I'll miss him a lot.'God, why does Kuku get hisheart broken time and again?'"I've kept my feelingshidden in my heart.""Neither did you ask,nor did I tell you.""Neither did you ask,nor did I tell you.""| thought of you today.""| thought of you every moment.""| thought of you today.""| thought of you every moment.""| couldn't forgetmy estranged beloved.""| couldn't forgetmy estranged beloved.""Bless you, my estranged beloved.""Bless you, my estranged beloved."Tell me, we always do our bestto make our children happy.But when we get a chance togive them the biggest joy"....of their life, we back off. Why?"God knows, you aresomehow related to me.""God knows, you aresomehow related to me.""Even though you aremiles away from me.""Even though you aremiles away from me.""You siayin my heart,my estranged beloved.""You siayin my heart,my estranged beloved.""Bless you, my estranged beloved.""Bless you, my estranged beloved."'I apologise for not meetingyou when you were leaving.''The truth is, I cannot see you leave.''I tried telling you a numberof times, but I couldn't.''Anna, I love you.'"Your presence used to please my soul."Your presence used to please my soul."VWthout you, my soul wanders aimless.""VWthout you, my soul wanders aimless.""Without you, the springseems meaningless, my love.""Without you, the springseems meaningless, my love.""Bless you, my estranged beloved.""Bless you, my estranged beloved.""| thought of you today.""| thought of you every moment.""| couldn't forgetmy estranged beloved.""| couldn't forgetmy estranged beloved.""Bless you, my estranged beloved.""Bless you, my estranged beloved.""Never fall in love with a foreigner.""No matter how precious that person is.""That person is onlygood for one thing.""Miss him and cry."You cannot forget some people.Come, let's at least forget our sorrows.You didn't tell me. Youwrote it in a letter?Will do.I love you.Anna.I love you.You thought I betrayed you.I didn't come with you the other day.No, Sahei.I'm really sorry.I'm so sorry.Your dad was absolutely right.Let me stand on my feet thenI'll surely cometo take you.I'll wait for you.- What?Jagtar, your aunt from Canada is here?- Yes.She came back four days ago.- Really'?Did her daughter come with her?Her daughter had to come with her.Strange, aunt came four days agoand you didn't even inform me.I'll go and meet herfirst - We.. - Me too..You scoundrel.What? I am planning tomake you my brother-in-law.You.."Sister-in-law, with mymusical instruments ""Sister-in-law, with mymusical instruments ""Sister-in-law,I was rehearsing.""Sister-in-law, with mymusical instruments ""Sister-in-law,I was rehearsing."'Someone came from behind.."'Someone came from behindand ruined everything.""Sister-in-law, someone hitme on my back with a rod.""Sister-in-law, someone hitme on my back with a rod.""Sister-in-law, someonehit me with a rod.""Sister-in-law, someonehit me with a rod.""He was very bad.""He ruined everything in no time.""He tore the bellows of my harmonium.""He was very bad.""He ruined everything in no time.""He tore the bellows of my harmonium.""He tore it apart.""He tore it apart.""He dismantled it."Sister-in-law, someone hitme on my back with a rod.""Sister-in-law, someone hitme on my back with a rod.""Sister-in-law, someonehit me with a rod.""Sister-in-law, someonehit me with a rod.""Sister-in-law, someonehit me with a rod."