- Can you see? - Yeah.- You sure?- Mm-hmm.How about now? Can you see now?All right.Ready? Three fingers.Nice!- Nice throw, kiddo!- Go.Hey, you guys want mayoor mustard, or both?Who wants mayo on a hotdog?Pardon your brothers. Two mustards, please!Thanks, momma.Got it.


Nate, mayo or mustard?I want ketchup.Mind your elbow...Good job, Hawkeye!Go get your arrow.Hey, guys. Enough practice.Soup's on.All right. We're coming.We're hungry.Lila, let's go.Lila?Honey?Babe?Babe?Babe?Boys!Boys?


Laura!You don't need to do that,because you're justholding the position.Come on.That was close.That's a goal. We'renow one a-piece.I would like to try again.We're tied up.Feel the tension? It's fun.That was terrible. Now youhave a chance to win.And you won. Congratulations.Fair game.Good sport.You had fun?It was fun.This thing on?Hey, Miss Potts... Pep.If you find this recording...don't post it, on social media.It's gonna be a real tear-jerker.I don't know if you'reever gonna see these.I don't even knowif you're still...Oh, God. I hope so...Today is day 21... uh, 22.You know, if it wasn't forthe existensial terror ofstaring into theliteral void of space,I'd say, I'm feelingmore better today.The infection's run its course,thanks to the blue meanie back there.You'd love her. Very practical.Only a tiny bit sadistic.Some fuel cells were cracked during battle, butwe figured out a way to reverse the ion chargeto buy ourselves, about,48 hours of playtime.But it's now dead in the water.We're 1,000 lightyearsfrom the nearest 7-11.Oxygen will run outtomorrow morning.That'll be it.And Pep, I...I know I said nomore surprises, butI gotta say I was really hopingto pull off one last one.But it looks like...Well, you know whatit looks like.Don't feel bad about this.I mean actually if yougrovel for a couple weeks,and then, move onwith enormous guilt.I should probably lie down.I'm gonna caress myPlease know that...When I drift off, it will begoodbye the whole time...I'll think about you.Because it's always you.- Couldn't stop him.- Neither could I.I lost the kid.Tony, we lost.Is, umm...Oh, my God!It's okay.It's been 23 days sinceThanos came to Earth.World governments are in pieces.The parts that are still workingare trying to take a census,And it looks like he did...He did exactly what he said hewas gonna do. Thanos wiped out.....fifty percent ofall living creatures.Where is he now? Where?We don't know.He just opened a portaland walked through.What's wrong with him?He's pissed.He thinks he failed.Which of course he did, but there's alot of that goin' around, ain't there?Honestly, at this exact second, Ithought you were a Build-A-Bear.Maybe I am.We've been hunting Thanosfor three weeks now.Deep space scans, andsatellites, and we got nothing.- Tony you fought him.- Who told you that?Didn't fight him.No. He wiped my facewith a planet while aBleecker Street magiciangave away the stone.- That's what happened. There was no fight...- Okay.Did he give you any clues?Any coordinates, anything?Pfft!I saw this coming a few years back. I hada vision. I didn't wanna believe it.Thought I was dreaming.- Tony I'm gonna need you to focus.- And I needed you.As in past tense. That trumps whatyou need. It's too late, buddy.Sorry.You know what I need?I need to shave.- And I believe I rememeber telling- Tony, Tony, Tony...why that otherwise,that what we needed was a suit of armoraround the world. Remember that?Whether it impacted our preciousfreedoms, or not. That's what we needed.- Well that didn't work out, did it?- I said we'd lose.You said, "We'll dothat together, too."Well guess what, Cap? We lost.You weren't there.But that's what we do, right?Our best work after the fact?We're the Avengers? We're the Avengers?Not the Prevengers?Okay. You made your point.Just sit down, okay?- No, no. Here's my... She's great, by the way.- Tony, sit, sit down!We need you. You're new blood.Bunch of tired old mills...I got nothing for you, Cap.I got no coordinates,no clues, no strategies,no options...Zero. Zip. Nada. Notrust, you liar...Here, take this. You findhim and you put that on.You hide.- Tony!- I'm fine. I...Bruce gave him a sedative. He's gonnaprobably be out for the rest of the day.You guys take care of him. And I'll bringan Bezurian elixir when I come back.- Where are you going?- To kill Thanos.Hey.You know we usually workas a team here, andbetween you and I we'realso a little fragile.We realize up there is more yourterritory but this is our fight, too.- You even know where he is?- I know people who might.Don't bother.I can tell you where Thanos is.Thanos spent a long timetrying to perfect me.Then when he worked, hetalked about his great plan.Even disassembled, Iwanted to please him.I'd ask, where would we goonce his plan was complete?His answer was always the same.To The Garden.That's cute. Thanos hasa retirement plan.So where is he, then?When Thanos snapped his fingers,Earth became ground zero for a power surgeof ridiculously cosmic proportions.No one's ever seen anything like it...until two days ago.On this planet.Thanos is there.He used the stones again.Hey, hey, hey...We'd be going inshort-handed, you know?- Look, he still got the stones, so...- So let's get him.- We use them to bring everyone back.- Just like that?Yeah. Just like that.Even if there's a small chancethat we can undo this...I mean, we owe it to everyonewho's not in this room to try.If we do this, how do we know it's gonnaend any differently than it did before?Because before, youdidn't have me.Hey, new girl, everybody in thisroom is about that superhero life.And if you don't mind my asking, wherethe hell have you been all this time?There are a lot of otherplanets in the universe.And unfortunately, theydidn't have you guys.I like this one.Let's go get thisson of a bitch.Okay. Who here hasn'tbeen to space?You better not throwup on my ship.Approaching jump in 3.. 2.. 1.I'll head down for recon.- This is gonna work Steve.- I know it will.Because I don't know whatI'm gonna do if it doesn't.No satellites, no ships, no armies,no ground defenses of any kind.It's just him.Then that's enough.Oh, no.Where are they?Answer the question.The universerequired correction.After that, the stones servedno purpose, beyond temptation.You murdered trillions!You should be grateful.- Where are the stones?- Gone.- Reduced to atoms.- You used them two days ago.I used the stones todestroy the stones.It nearly killed me.But the work is done.It always will be.I am inevitable.We have to tear this place apart.He has to be lying.My father is many things.A liar is not one of them.Thank you, Daughter.Perhaps I treatedyou too harshly...What... what did you do?I went for the head.So I, uh...Went on a date the other day.It's the first time in five years,you know? Sit there, dinner...I didn't know whatto talk about.What did you talk about?Same old crap, you know? Howthings have changed, and...My job, his job....How much we miss the Mets.Then things get quiet..He cried as they wereserving the salads.What about you?I cried just before dessert.But I'm seeing himagain tomorrow, so...That's great.You did the hardest part.You took the jump, youdidn't know where youwere gonna come down.And that's it. That's those littlebrave baby steps you gotta take.To try and become whole again.To try and find purpose.I went in the ice in '45 rightafter I met the love of my life.Woke up 70 years later.You got to move on.Got to move on.The world is in our hands.It's left to us guys.And we got to dosomething with it.Otherwise...Thanos should'vekilled all of us.What the hell?Hope?Kid! Hey, kid!What the hell happened here?My God...No. Please. Please, please.No, no, no...Excuse me. Sorry.No, Cassie, no.No.No, no.Please, please,please, please....No, Cassie...What?Cassie?Dad?You're so big!Yeah, we boarded that highlysuspect warship Danvers pinged.It was an infectiousgarbage scowl.So, thanks for the hot tip.- Well, you were closer.- Yeah. And now we smell like garbage.You get a readingon those tremors?It was a mild subductionunder the African plate.Do we have a visual? Howare we handling it?Nat, it's an earthquakeunder the ocean.We handle it by not handling it.Carol, are we seeingyou here next month?- Not likely.- What, you gonna get another haircut?Listen, fur-face. I'mcovering a lot of territory.The things that arehappening on Earth arehappening everywhere, onthousands of planets.That's a good point.That's a good point.So you might not seeme for a long time.All right. Uh, well...This channel is always active.So, anything goes sideways...Anyone's making troublewhere they shouldn't...- Comes through me.- Okay.All right.Good luck.- Where are you?- Mexico.The federales found aroom full of bodies.Looks like a bunch of cartel guys. Nevereven had the chance to get their guns off.- It's probably a rival gang...- Except it isn't.It's definitely Barton.What he's done here, what he'sbeen doing for the last few years,I mean, the scenethat he left...I gotta tell you, there's a part ofme that doesn't even wanna find him.Will you find out wherehe's going next?Nat...Please.Okay.You know I'd offer to clip your dinnerbut you seem pretty miserable already.You here to do your laundry?And to see a friend.Clearly, your friend is fine.You know I saw a pod of whaleswhen I was coming up the bridge.- In the Hudson?- There's fewer ships, cleaner water.You know, if you're about to tellme to look on the bright side...Um...I'm about to hit you in the headwith a peanut butter sandwich.Sorry. Force of habit.You know I keep telling everybodythey should move on and... grow.Some do.But not us.- If I move on, who does this?- Maybe it doesn't need to be done.I used to have nothing.And then I got this.This job.This family.And I was... I wasbetter because of it.And even though...they're gone...Now, I'm stilltrying to be better.I think we bothneed to get a life.You first.Oh... Hi. Hi!Is anyone home?This is Scott Lang.We met a few years ago, at the airport?In Germany?I got really big andI had my mask on.- You wouldn't recognize me.- Is this an old message?Ant-Man? Ant-Man, Iknow you know that.It's the front gate.I need to talk to you guys.Scott.- Are you okay?- Yeah.Have either of you guys everstudied quantum physics?Only in mid-conversation.Alright. So...Five years ago, right before...Thanos,I was in a place calledthe quantum realm.The quantum realm is like itsown microscopic universe.To get in there, you have to beincredibly small. Hope, she's my...She... she was my...She was supposed to pull me out.And then Thanos happened, and- I got stuck in there.- Sorry. That must've been a long 5 years.Yeah, but that's just it.It wasn't.For me it was five hours.See, the rules of the quantum realmaren't like they are up here.Everything is unpredictable. Is thatanybody's sandwich? I'm starving.Scott.What are you talking about?So...What I'm saying is...Time works differentlyin the quantum realm.The only problem is right now, wedon't have a way to navigate it.But what if we did?I can't stop thinking about it. Whatif we could somehow control the chaos,and we could navigate it? What ifthere was a way that we can enterthe quantum realm at a certainpoint in time but thenexit the quantum realm atanother point in time? Like...Like before Thanos.Wait, are you talkingabout a time machine?No. No, of course not.No, not a time machine.It's more like a...Yeah, a time machine. I know it's crazy.It's crazy.But I can't stop thinking about it.There's gotta be...Some wa... It's crazy.I get e-mails from a raccoon. So,nothing sounds crazy anymore.So who do we talk to about this?Chow-time!Morgoona.Morgan H. Stark.Want some lunch?- Define lunch or be disintegrated.- Okay.You should not bewearing that, okay?That is part of a special anniversarygift I'm making for Mom.There you go. Are youthinking about lunch?Want a handful of crickets?- No.- That's what you want.- How did you find this?- Garage.Really?- Were you looking for it?- No.I found it, though.You like going to the garage, huh?So does Daddy.It's fine actually. Mom neverwears anything I wear.Now, we know whatit sounds like...Tony after everything you've seen,is anything really impossible...Quantum fluctuation messeswith the Planck scale,which then triggers the Deutschproposition. Can we agree on that?Thank you.In Layman's terms, it meansyou're not coming home.- I did.- No.You accidentally survived. It's a---It's a billion-to-onecosmic fluke.And now you wanna pull a...What do you call it?- A time heist?- Yeah. Time heist.Of course. Why didn't wethink of this before?Oh! Because it's laughable?Because it's a pipedream?The stones are in the past. Wecan go back and we can get them.We can snap our own fingers.We can bring everybody back.Or screw it up worse thanhe already has, right?I don't believe we would.Gotta say this. Sometimes, Imiss that giddy optimism.However, high hopes won'thelp if there's no logical,tangible, way for me to safelyexecute said time heist.I believe the most likely outcomewill be our collective demise.Not if we strictly followthe rules of time travel.That means no talking to our past selves,no betting on sporting events...I'm gonna stop youright there, Scott.Are you seriously tellingme that your plan tosave the universe is basedon Back to the Future?- No.- Good. You had me worried there.'Cause that'd be horseshit. That'snot how quantum physics works.Tony...We have to take a stand.We did stand. Andyet, here we are.I know you got a lot on the line.You got a wife, a daughter.But I lost someone very important to me.A lot of people did.And now, now, we have a chance to bringher back. To bring everyone back.And you're telling methat you won't even...That's right, Scott.I won't. Leave it.Got a kid.Mommy told me tocome and save you.Good job. I'm saved.I wish you'd come here toask me something else.Anything else. Honestly, Imissed you guys, it was...- Oh, and table's set for six.- Tony, I get it.And I'm happy for you.I really am.But this is a second chance.I got my second chanceright here, Cap.I can't roll the dice again.If you don't talk shop,you can stay for lunch.- He's scared.- He's not wrong.Yeah, but I mean,what are we gonna do?We need him. What,are we gonna stop?No. I wanna do it right.We're gonna need areally big brain.Bigger than his?Come on. I feel like I'm the onlyone eating. Try some of that.Have some eggs.I'm so confused.- These are confusing times.- Right. No, no...- That's not what I meant. I...- No, I get it.I'm kidding! I know. It's crazy.- I'm wearing shirts now.- Yeah! How? Why?Five years ago wegot our asses beat.Except it was worse for me.Because I lost twice.First, Hulk lost. Then Banner lost.Then, we all lost.- No one blamed you, Bruce.- I did.For years I've beentreating the Hulk like he'ssome kind of disease,something to get rid of.But then I started lookingat him as the cure.Eighteen months in a gamma lab. I putthe brains and the brawn together.And now look at me.Best of both worlds.- Excuse me, Mr. Hulk?- Yes?- Can we get a photo?- 100%, little person.Come on, step on up. You mind?Oh.- Say "green."- Green.Greeeen.- Did you get that?- That's good.Don't you wanna grab one with me?I'm Ant-Man.They're Hulk fans.They don't know Ant-Man.- Nobody does.- Wait, no, no, he wants to...You want to take apicture with him, right?He's even saying no he doesn't.I get it.I don't want it either. I don'twant a picture with them.- He's gonna feel bad.- Sorry.- They said they'd do it.- I don't want it anymore.- You'd feel bad...- Take the goddamn phone.Thank you, Mr. Hulk.No, it's great, kids.Thank you very much.- Hulk out!- Bruce.- Dab.- Bruce.Listen to your Mom.She knows better.- About we were saying...- Right.The whole time travel do-over?Guys, it's outside ofmy area of expertise.Well, you pulled this off.I remember a time when thatseemed pretty impossible, too.Look at a mod inspiration,let me see what checks out.So, recommend one last sim beforewe pack it in for the night.This time, in the shape of amobius strip, inverted. Please?Processing...Give me that eigenvalue. That, particlefactoring, and spectral decomp.- Gotta take a second.- Just a moment.And don't worry if it doesn't pan out.I'm just kinda...Model rendered.Shit!Shit!What are you doingup, Little Miss?- Shit.- No. We don't say that.Only Mommy says that word. Shecoined it, it belongs to her.Why you up?'Cause I got some important shitgoing on here. What do you think?No, I got something on my mind.I got something on my mind.- Was it Juice Pops?- Sure was.That's extortion.Great minds think alike. JuicePops, exactly was on...my mind.You done? Yeah? Now you are.- That face, goes there.- Tell me a story.A story.Once upon a time, a littlegirl went to bed. The end.That ain't the whole story.Come on, that's yourfavorite story.I love you tons.I love you 3,000.Wow.3,000. That's crazy.Go to bed. Or I'llsell all your toys.Night-night.Not that it's a competition,but she loves me 3,000.You were somewhere inthe low 6 to 900 range.- What you reading?- Just a book on composting.What's new with composting?- Just ....- I figured it out...by the way.You know, just so we're talkingabout the same thing...Time travel.What?Wow.That's...Amazing, and.... terrifying.That's right.- I got really lucky.- Yeah. I know.- A lot of people didn't.- No, I can't help everybody.- It sorta seems like you can.- Not if I stop.I can put a pin in itright now, and stop.Tony...trying to get you to stop has been oneof the few failures of my entire life.I sometimes feel I should put it in a lockedbox and drop it at the bottom of a lake......go to bed.But would you be able to rest?Okay, here we go. Timetravel test number one.Scott, fire up the, uhh...The van thing.Breakers are set. Emergencygenerators are on standby.Good. 'Cause if we blow the grid, I don'twanna lose Tiny here in the 1950's.- Excuse me?- He's kidding.You can't say things like that.Just... it was, just a bad joke.- You were kidding, right?- I have no idea.We're talking about time travel here.Either it's all a joke, or none of it is.We're good! Get your helmet on.Scott, I'm gonna send youback a week, but you'll walkaround for an hour, then bringyou back in 10 seconds.- Makes sense?- Perfectly not confusing.Good luck, Scott. You got this.You're right. I do,Captain America.On the count of three.3.. 2.. 1..Guys? This doesn't feel right.- What's going on? Hold on.- Who is that?- Is that Scott?- Yes, it's Scott!Ooh! My back!- Can you bring him back?- I'm working on it!A baby.- It's Scott.- As a baby!Bring Scott back.When I say kill thepower, kill the power.And... kill it!Somebody peed my pants.I don't know if it was"baby" me or "old" me.Or, just "me" me.Time travel!What?I see this as an absolute win.Why the long face?Let me guess. Heturned into a baby.Among other things, yeah.What are you doing here?That's the EPR paradox.Instead of pushing Lang through time, youmight've wound up pushing time through Lang.It's tricky. Dangerous. Somebodycoulda cautioned you against it.- You did.- Oh, did I?Thank God, I'm here.Regardless, I fixed it.A fully functioningtime-space GPS.I just want peace.Turns out, resentment iscorrosive, and I hate it.Me, too.We got a shot at gettingthese stones, but Igotta tell you mypriority is to bring backwhat we lost? I hope, yes.Keep what I found? Ihave to, at all costs.And, maybe not dietrying will be nice.Sounds like a deal.- Tony, I don't know...- Why? He made it for you.Plus, honestly I have to get it out thegarage before Morgan takes it sledding.Thank you, Tony.Will you keep that a little quietly?Didn't bring one for the whole team.- We are getting, the whole team, yeah?- We're working on that right now.- Hey, humie! Where's big green?- Kitchen. I think.- That's awesome.- Rodent, careful on re-entry.There's an idiot onthe landing zone.Oh, God!What's up, regular-sized man?Kind of a step down from a golden palacefor an Avenger highness or whatnot.Hey, have a little compassion, pal.First, they've lost Asgard,then half the people. They're probablyjust happy they have a home.You shouldn't have come!Valkyrie!Great to see you, Angry Girl.I think I liked you bettereither of the other ways.- This is Rocket.- How you doin'?- He won't see you.- That bad, huh?We only see him once a month,when he comes in for......supplies.- It's that bad.- Yeah.What the...Woo! Something died in here.Hello? Thor?Are you here about the cable?The Cinemax ran out two weeks ago,and, sports were all kind of fuzzy...Boys! Oh, my God!My God! How have you been?Come here, you little rascal!No, I'm good! I'm good.That's not necessary!Hulk, you know my friends,Miek, Korg, right?- Hey, boys!- Hey, guys. Long time no see.Beer's on the bucket. Feelfree to log on to the wi-fi.No password, obviously.Thor, he's back. That kid on the TVwho's called me a dickhead again.- Noobmaster.- Yeah, Noobmaster69.Noobmaster. Hey, it's Thor again.You know, the God of Thunder?Listen, buddy. If you don't log offthis game immediately I'm gonna flyhome to your house, come down tothat basement you're hiding in,rip off your arms thenshove them up your butt!Oh, that's right. Yes, go cry toyour father, you little weasel!Thank you, Thor.Let me know if hebothers you again, okay?Thank you very much. I will.So you guys want a drink?What are you drinking?We have beer, tequila,all sorts of things.Buddy, you all right?Yes, I'm fine! Why,don't I look all right?You look like melted ice cream.So, what's up?We need your help. There might bea chance we could fix everything.What, like the cable? 'Cause that'sbeen driving me bananas for weeks.Like Thanos.Don't say that name.Um, yeah. We don't actuallysay that name in here.Please take your hand off me.Now, I know that...guy might scare you.Why would I be? Why would, whywould I be scared of that guy?I'm the one who killedthat guy, remember?Anyone else herekilled that guy?Nope. Didn't think so.Korg, why don't you, tell everybodywho chopped Thanos' big head off.Umm... Stormbreaker?Now, who's swingingStormbreaker?I get it. You're in a rough spot, okay?I've been there myself.You wanna know whohelped me out of it?I don't know. Is it... Natasha?It was you.You helped me.Why don't you ask the,Asgardians down there,how much my help was worth.The ones that are left, anyway.I think we can bring them back.Stop. Just, stop...I know you think I'm down here wallowing inmy own self-pity, waiting to be rescued andand saved. But I'm fine, okay?We're fine, aren't we?Nah, all good here, mate!So, whatever it is thatyou're offering, we'renot into it, don't care,couldn't care less.Goodbye.We need you, pal.There's beer on the ship.What kind?It's him! He's after Akihiko!We never did anything to you!You're done hurting people.You're crazy!Wait! Help me!What I want...You can't give me.You shouldn't be here.Neither should you.I've got a job to do.Is that what you'recalling this?Killing all these people isn'tgonna bring your family back.We found something.A chance, maybe...Don't.Don't what?Don't give me hope.I'm sorry I couldn'tgive it to you sooner.Drifting left. On theside there, Lebowski.- Ratchet, how's it going?- It's Rocket.Take it easy. You're onlya genius on Earth, pal.Yup.Time travel suit? Not bad.Hey, hey, hey. Easy, easy!- I'm being very careful.- No, you're being very Hulky.- I'm being careful.- These are Pym particles, all right?And ever since Hank Pym got snappedout of existence, this is it.This is what we have. We'renot making any more.- Scott, calm down.- Sorry.We've got enough forone round trip, each.That's it. No do-overs.Plus, two test runs.One test run.All right. I'm notready for this.I'm game.I'll do it.Clint, now you're gonna feela little discombobulatedfrom the chronoshift.Don't worry about it.Wait a second, let meask you something.If we can do this, you know, goback in time, why don't we justfind baby Thanos, you know?And...- First of all, that's horrible.- It's Thanos.And secondly, time doesn't work that way.Changing the past doesn't change the future.Look, we go back, we get thestones before Thanos gets them...Thanos doesn't have the stones.Problem solved.- Bingo.- That's not how it works.- Well, that's what I heard.- What? By who? Who told you that?Star Trek, Terminator,TimeCop, Time After Time,- Quantum Leap.- A Wrinkle in Time,- Somewhere in Time,- Hot Tub Time Machine.Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure. Basically,any movie that deals with time travel.Die Hard? No, it's not...This is known.I don't know why everyone believesthat, but that isn't true.Think about it: If you travel to thepast, that past becomes your future.And your former presentbecomes the past.Which can't now be changedby your new future...Exactly.So Back to the Future'sa bunch of bullshit?All right, Clint. We're going in 3..2.. 1...Cooper?- Where are my headphones?- Lila?Lila! No!Dad?Dad?Hey, hey. Look at me. You okay?Yeah.It worked.It worked.Okay, so the "how" works.Now we gotta figure out the"when," and the "where."Almost everyone in thisroom has had an encounterwith at least one of thesix Infinity Stones.Well, I'd subtitute theword 'encounter' for 'damnnear been killed by one ofthe six Infinity Stones.'I haven't. I don't even know whatthe hell you're all talking about.Regardless, we only have enough PymParticles for one round trip each,and these stones have been in a lot ofdifferent places throughout history.Our history. So, not a lot ofconvenient spots to just drop in.- Which means we have to pick our targets.- Correct.So. Let's start with the Aether.Thor, what do you know?Is he asleep?Where to start? Umm...The Aether, first,is not a stone.Someone's called it a stone before.Ahem...It's more of a... an angrysludge, sort of thing. So...Someone's gonna need to amendthat, and stop saying that.Here's an interestingstory, though.About the Aether. Mygrandafther, many yearsago, had to hide the stonefrom the Dark Elves.Scary beings. So Jane...Oh, there she is. That's Jane...She's... an old flame of mine.She... she stuck her handinside a rock this one time...and then the Aether stuckitself inside her.And, she became very, very sick.So I had to take her toAsgard, which is where I'm from.And we had to try and fix her.We were dating at the time, you see. Igot to introduce her to my Mother...who's dead, and umm....Oh, you know. Jane and I aren'teven dating anymore, so...These things happen though, you know.Nothing lasts forever.- The only thing that...- Why don't you come sit down.I'm not done yet. The only thing thatis permanent in life, is impermanence.Awesome.Eggs? Breakfast?No. I'd like a Bloody Mary.Quill said he stole thePower Stone from Morag.- Is that a person?- Morag's a planet.Quill was a person.Like a planet? Likein outer space?Oh, look. It's like a littlepuppy, all happy and everything.Do you wanna go to space? Youwanna go to space, puppy?I'll take you to space.- Thanos found the Soul Stone on Vormir.- What is Vormir?A dominion of death, at the verycenter of Celestial existence.It's where... Thanosmurdered my sister.Noted.- That Time Stone guy...- Doctor Strange.Yeah, what kindof doctor was he?- Neurostuff meets rabbit from a hat.- Nice place in the village, though.- Yeah. Sullivan Street.- Hmm... Bleecker.Wait, he lived in New York?- No. He lived in Toronto.- Yeah, not Bleecker. It's Sullivan.Guys, if you pick the right year,there are three stones in New York.Shut the front door!All right. We have a plan.Six stones, threeteams, one shot.Five years ago, we lost.All of us.We lost friends...We lost family...We lost a part of ourselves.Today, we have a chanceto take it all back.You know your teams, youknow your missions.Get the stones, get them back.One round trip each. No mistakes.No do-overs.Most of us are goingsomewhere we know.But it doesn't mean weshould know what to expect.Be careful. Look outfor each other.This is the fight of our lives.And we're gonna win.Whatever it takes.Good luck.- He's pretty good at that.- Right?All right. You heard the man.Stroke those keys, jelly green.Tractors engaged.You promise to bring thatback in one piece, right?Yeah, yeah, yeah,yeah. Okay.- I'll do my best.- As promises go, that was pretty lame.See you in a minute.All right, we all have our assignments.Two stones uptown, one stone, down.Stay low. Keep aneye on the clock.Feel free to smash ifthings don't go your way.I think it's gratuitous,but whatever.I'd be careful going that way.We just had the floors waxed.Ma'am, I'm lookingfor Doctor Strange.You're about... fiveyears too early.Stephen Strange is currently performingsurgery about twenty blocks that way.What do you want from him?That, actually.Ah.- I'm afraid not.- Sorry, but I wasn't asking.- You don't wanna do this.- You're right. I don't.But I need that stone, andI don't have time to...Let's start over, shall we?That's Jane.All right.Here's the deal, Tubby:You're gonna charm her and I'mgonna poke her with this thingand extract the Reality Stoneand get gone, lickety-split.I'll be right back, okay? There's awine cellar, that's just down there.My father used to fishwith a barrel of ale.- I'll see if the cellar has a couple of...- Hey! Aren't you drunk enough already?Who's the fancy broad?It's my Mother.She dies today.Oh. That's today?I can't do this.I can't do this.I shouldn't be here. I shouldn't have come.This was a bad idea.- Come here.- No, no, no. I think I'm having...- I'm having a panic attack.- Come here. Right here.You think you're the only one who lostpeople? What do you think we're doing here?I lost the onlyfamily I ever had.Quill, Groot, Drax, the chickwith the antenna, all gone.Now, I get you miss your Mom.But she's gone. Really gone.And there are plenty of peoplewho are only kinda gone.But you can help them.So is it too much to ask that youbrush the crumbs outta your beard,make schmoopy talk to PrettyPants, and when she's not looking,suck out the Infinity Stone andhelp me get my family back?Okay.- Are you crying?- No...Yes!Get it together!You can do this.You can do this.All right?- Yes, I can.- Good.I can do this.I can't do this.Alright, Heartbreaker. She's alone.This is our shot.Thor?Thor!Alright. Bring it down low.Right on that line. That's it.Down, down.Hey, can we hurry it up?Guys, chop-chop. Come on.We're on the clock.All that, is really helpful.- Take care, okay?- Yeah.Take that stone and come back.No messing around.- Hey.- You got this.- Let's get it done.- Yes, sir.See you back.You guys watch each other's six.Yeah.The coordinates forVormir are laid in.All they have to dois not fall out.We're a long way from Budapest.Okay, so, uhh...We just wait around for thisQuill guy to show up andthen he leads us to thePower Stone, is that it?Let's take cover.We're not the only ones in2014 looking for the stones.Wait a minute, what areyou talking about rightnow? Who else is lookingfor these stones?My father, my sister...- and me.- And you?Where are you right now?- You're welcome.- I didn't ask for your help.And yet, you always need it.Get up.- Father wants us back on the ship.- Why?He's found an Infinity Stone.- Where?- On a planet called Morag.Father's plan isfinally in motion.- One stone isn't six, Nebula.- It's a start.If he gets all of them...Ronan's located the Power Stone.I'm dispatching you to his ship.- He won't like that.- His alternative is death, then.Ronan's obsessionclouds his judgement.We will not fail you, Father.No, you won't.I swear...I will make you proud.We just, wait around forthis Quill guy to show up,and then he leads us to thePower Stone, is that it?Let's take cover.We're not the only ones in2014 looking for the stones.- Who was that?- I don't know...My head is splitting...I don't know...Her synaptic drive wasprobably damaged in battle.Bring her to my ship.Got to hustle, Cap. Things look likethey're just about wrapped up here.Got it. I'm approachingthe elevator now.If it's all the same to you...I'll have that drink now.All right. Good one. No standing around,I'm closing up this door for later.By the way, feelfree to clean up.Ugh, Mr. Rogers. I almostforgot that that suit- did nothing for your ass.- No one asked you to look.I think you look great, Cap.As far as I'm concerned,that's America's ass.- Uhh, magic wand?- STRIKE team's coming to secure it.We can take thatoff your hands.By all means.- Careful with that thing!- Unless you want your mind erased.- Not in a fun way.- We promise to be careful.- Who are these guys?- They are SHIELD...Well, actually Hydra. But,we didn't know that yet.Seriously, you didn't? I mean...they look like bad guys.You're small, butyou're talking loud.On my way down tocoordinate search and rescue.On my way down tocoordinate search and rescue!I mean, honestly! How doyou think you'll be...Shut up.All right, you're up, little buddy.There's our stone.Alright. Flick me.- Whoa! Whoa, whoa.- Hey! Buddy.What do you think? Maximumoccupancy has been reached.- Take the stairs!- Yeah. Stop. Stop!Take the stairs.Take the stairs!All right, Cap. I got our scepter in theelevator just passing the 80th floor.On it.- Head to the lobby.- Alright. I'll see you there.Evidence secure. We'reen route to Dr. List.No. No hitches at all, Mr.Secretary.Captain. I thought you werecoordinating search and rescue?Change of plans.Hey, Cap.Rumlow.I just got a call from the Secretary. I'mgonna be running point on the scepter.Sir? I don't understand.We got word there may bean attempt to steal it.Sorry, Cap.I can't give you the scepter.- I'm gonna have to call the Director.- That's okay. Trust me.Hail Hydra.So many stairs!Thumbelina, do you copy?I've got eyes on the prize.- It is go-time.- Bombs away.Is, is that Axe body spray?Yeah, I had a can justfor emergencies. Relax.- Can we focus, please?- I'm going inside you. Now.May I ask youwhere you're going?To lunch and then Asgard.I'm sorry, you are?Alexander Pierce. He's the man, oneof the folks behind Nick Fury.My friends call me Mr. Secretary.I'm gonna have to ask you toturn that prisoner over to me.- Loki will be answering to Odin himself.- Oh, he's gonna answer to us.Odin can have what's left. AndI'm gonna need that case.That's been SHIELD propertyfor over 70 years.Hand over the case, Stark.All right, move it, Stuart Little. Thingsare getting dicey up here. Let's go.I'm not gonna argue who's got thehigher authority here, all right?You promise me you won't die?You're only giving me amild cardiac dysrythmia.That doesn't sound mild.I need the case.I know you got a lotta pull.I'm just saying...Okay. Then give me the case.Do it, Lang!- Get your hands off!- Window's closing. Pull my pin!Here goes!- Stark?- Stark!Look, he's convulsing.Give him air!- Medic!- Medic!You got some help!Stark, you--- yourchest machine?Breathe! Breathe!Good job. Meet me in the alley.I'm gonna grab a quick slice.No stairs!You'll be fine, Stark.Stay with us!I'll try something, okay? I haveno idea if it's gonna work.Yes!That worked a treat.That was so crazy!I had no idea ifthat was gonna work.- The case...- The case. It's, uhh...Where's the case? Where's Loki?Loki!- That wasn't supposed to happen, was it?- Oh, we blew it.Loki!?Tony, what's going on?Tell me you found that cube.Oh, you gotta be shitting me.I have eyes on Loki. 14th floor.I'm not Loki.And I don't wanna hurt you.I can do this all day.Yeah, I know. I know.Where did you get this?Bucky... is... alive!What?That is America's ass.- Please, please!- I'm sorry. I can't help you, Bruce.If I give up the Time Stone to helpyour reality, I'm dooming my own.With all due respect, I'm not surethe science really supports that.The Infinity Stones create what youexperience as the flow of time.Remove one of the stones,and that flow splits.Now this may benefit your reality.But my new one, not so much.In this new branched reality, without ourchief weapon against the forces of darkness,our world will be overrun.Millions will suffer.So, tell me, doctor, can yourscience prevent all that?No. But we can erase it.Because once we're done with the stones, wecan return each one into its own timelineat the moment it was taken.So, chronologically...In that reality....it never left.Yes, but you're leaving outthe most important part.In order to return thestones, you have to survive.We will. I will. I promise.I can't risk thisreality on a promise.It's the duty, of the SorcererSupreme to protect the Time Stone.Then why the hell didStrange give it away?- What did you say?- Strange. He gave it away.He gave it to Thanos.- Willingly?- Yes.- Why?- I have no idea. Maybe he made a mistake.Or I did.Strange was meant tobe the best of us.So he must've doneit for a reason.I fear you might be right.Thank you.I'm counting on you, Bruce.We all are.Run diagnostics.Show me her memory file.Sire, the file appears entangled.It was a memory, but not hers.There's another consciousnesssharing her network.Another Nebula.Impossible.This duplicate carries a time stamp...from nine years in the future.Where is this other Nebula?In our solar system.On Morag.- Can you access her?- Yes. The two are linked.Search the duplicate'smemories, for Infinity Stones.And these stones have been in a lot ofdifferent places throughout history.Our history. So, not a lot ofconvenient spots to just drop in.- Which means we have to pick our targets.- Correct.Freeze image.Terrans.Avengers.Unruly wretches. What'sthat reflection?Amplify this, Maw.I don't understand.- Two Nebulas.- No. The same Nebula.From two different times.Set course for Morag. Scanthe duplicate's memories.I want to see everything.My ladies, I'll see you after.Go on.- What are you doing?- Ahh!You're better off leaving thesneaking to your brother.Yeah, I was simply justgoing for a walk, and uh...What are you wearing?I always wear this. Thisis one of my favorites.What's wrong with your eye?Oh, my eye. That's... youremember the Battle of Haroquin?When I got hit in theface with a broadsword?You're not the Thor Iknow at all, are you?Yes, I am.The future hasn't beenkind to you, has it?I didn't say I'mfrom the future.I was raised by witches, boy.I see with more thaneyes, and you know that.I am totally, totallyfrom the future!Yes, you are.- I really need to talk to you.- We can talk.His head was over there...His body over there...What was the point.I was too late.I was just standing there.- Some idiot with an ax.- You're no idiot.You're here aren't you? Seeking counselfrom the wisest person in Asgard.- I guess, yeah.- Idiot? No.- A failure? Absolutely.- That's a little bit harsh.You do know whatthat makes you?Just like everyone else.I'm not supposed to belike everyone else, am I?Everyone fails at who theyare supposed to be, Thor.The measure of aperson, of a herois how well they succeedat being who they are.I really missed you, Mum.Thor! I got it!Get that rabbit!- Ma, I have to tell you something.- No, son. You don't.You're here to repairyour future, not mine.- But this is about your future.- It's none of my business.Hey.You must be Mom.I got the thing. Comeon, we got to move.- I wish we had more time.- This was a gift.And you're going to be theman you're meant to be.- I love you, Mom.- I love you.And eat a salad.- Come on. We gotta go.- Goodbye.- Three... two...- No, wait!Wh- what am I looking at?Oh, sometimes it takes a second.I'm still worthy.Oh, boy.Goodbye, Mom.So he's an idiot?What's that?The tool of a thief.Whoa, whoa,whoa, whoa...This is the part where spikes come out,with skeletons on the end and everything...What are you talking about?When you break into a place calledthe temple of the Power Stone,There's gonna be a bunch of boobytraps--- Okay. All right. Go ahead.I wasn't always like this.Me either.But we work withwhat we got, right?Sync up.Three.. two.. one...You murdered trillions!You should be grateful.- Where are the stones?- Gone.- Reduced to atoms.- You used them two days ago.I used the stones to destroy the stones.It nearly killed me.But the work is done.It always will be.I am inevitable.- What did you do to them?- Nothing. Yet.They're not trying to stop somethingI'm going to do in our time.They're trying to undo somethingI've already done in theirs.The stones...I found them all.I won.Tipped the cosmicscales to balance.This is your future.It's my destiny.My father is many things. Aliar is not one of them.Thank you, Daughter.Perhaps I treatedyou too harshly...And that, is destiny fulfilled.Sire, your Daughter...No......is a traitor.That's not me. It's not. I could never...I would never betray you. Never.I know.And you'll have thechance to prove it.No...He knows!Barton? Barton, come in.Romanoff? Come in, we have a problem.Come on!Come in, we have a prob....Thanos knows.Thanos...Cap...Sorry, buddy.We got a problem.Huh. Yeah, we do.- Well, what are we gonna do now?- You know what, give me a break, Steve.I just got hit in thehead with a Hulk.You said that we had one shot.This, this was our shot.We shot it. It's shot. Six stones or nothing.Six stones or nothing.You're repeating yourself, you know that?You're repeating yourself.You're repeating yourself.You're repeating yourself.- No!- Come on.You never wanted a time heist, youwent on board with the time heist...- I dropped the ball.- You ruined the time heist.- Is that what I did?- Yeah!Are there any other optionswith the Tesseract?No, no, no. There'sno other options.There's no do-overs. We'renot going anywhere else.We have one particle left. Each.That's it, alright? We use that...Bye, bye. You're not going home.Yeah, well if we don't try...then no one else isgoing home, either.I got it.There's another way. To retake theTesseract and acquire new particles.We'll stroll down memory lane.Military installation, Garden State.Why were they both there?They were there at a...I'vea vaguely exact idea.How vague?What are you talking about?Where are we going?- I know for a fact they were there...- Who's they?- What are we doing?- And I know how I know.Guys, what's up? What is it?Well, it looks likewe're improvising.- Right.- What are we improvising?Scott, get this backto the compound.Suit up.What's in New Jersey?- 0-4, 0-4...- Uhh, 0-7.- 0-7.- Excuse me...1-9-7-0.- Are you sure?- Cap. Captain. Steve, sorry.America. Rogers. Look,if you do this,and this doesn't work,you're not coming back.Thanks for the peptalk, pissant.You trust me?I do.Your call.Here we go.Hey, man!Make love, not war!Clearly, you weren'tactually born here, right?The idea of me was.Right. Well, imagineyou're SHIELD, running aquasi-fascisticintelligence organization.Where do you hide it?In plain sight.Good luck on yourmission, Captain.Good luck on yourproject, doctor.You're new here?Not exactly.Gotcha.Back in the game.Arnim, you in there?Arnim?Hey!The door's this way, pal.Oh, yeah.I'm looking for Dr. Zola.Have you seen him?Yeah, no, Dr. Zol... No,I haven't seen a soul.Pardon me.Do I know you?No, sir. I'm, a...visitor from MIT.Huh. MIT.Got a name?Howard.Well that'll beeasy to remember.Howard......Potts.Well, I'm Howard Stark.Hi.Shit. Now, don't pull it.Yeah...You look a little green aroundthe gills there, Potts.I'm fine. Just, long hours.Wanna get some air?- Hello, Potts.- Yeah. That would be swell.- That way.- Okay.Need your briefcase?You're not one ofthose, are ya, Potts?- Hello.- Dr. Pym?That would be the numberthat you called. Yes.This is Capt. Stevensfrom shipping.- We have a package for you.- Bring it up.Well, that's the thing, sir.We can't.I'm confused. I thoughtthat was your job.Well, it's just... Sir,the box is glowing and,to be honest, some of our mailguys aren't feeling that great.They didn't knowbetter, did they?Yeah, they did. Youbetter get down here.Excuse me. Out of the way!So, flowers and sauerkraut. Yougot a big date tonight?My wife's expecting.And, uh... Too muchtime in the office.- Congratulations.- Thanks. Hold this, will you?Yeah, sure.- How far along is she?- I don't know... uh...She's at the point where she can'tstand the sound of my chewing.I guess I'll be eatingdinner in the pantry again.I have a little girl.A girl would be nice. Less of a chanceshe'd turn out exactly like me.What'd be so awful about that?Let's just say that the greatergood has rarely outweighedmy own self-interests.- And you've never seen these 2 men before?- No, I've got an eye for this.- The 2 of them looked fishy.- Can you describe them?- Well, one of them had a hippie beard.- Hippie? Like Bee Gees or Mungo Jerry?Definitely Mungo Jerry.Yeah, this is Chesler. Ineed every available MPson sub-level 6. We havea potential breach.So, where are youat with names?Well, if it's a boy,my wife likes Almanzo.Might wanna let that stew on.You got time.Let me ask you a question.When your kid was born...- were you nervous?- Wildly. Yeah.Did you feel qualified?Like you had any idea how tosuccessfully operate that thing?I literally pieced ittogether as I went along,I thought about whatmy Dad did, and...My old man, he never met a problemhe couldn't solve with a belt.I thought my Dadwas tough on me.And now, looking back, I justremember the good stuff, you know.- He did drop the odd pearl.- Yeah? Like what?"No amount of money everbought a second of time."Smart guy.He did his best.Let me tell you. Thatkid's not even here yetand, there's nothing Iwouldn't do for him.Good to meet you, Potts.Yeah, Howard...Everything's gonna be all right.Thank you for everything......you've done forthis country.Jarvis.Have we ever met that guy?Seems very familiar.Weird beard, though.- You're weak.- I'm you.You can stop this.You know you want to.Did you see whathappens in the future?Thanos finds the Soul Stone.You wanna knowhow he does that?You wanna know, whathe does to you?That's enough.You disgust me.But, that doesn'tmean you're useless.How do I look?Wow...Under different circumstances,this would be totally awesome.I bet the raccoon didn'thave to climb a mountain.Technically, he's nota raccoon, you know.Whatever. He eats garbage.Welcome.Natasha, daughter of Ivan.Clint, son of Edith.Who are you?Consider me a guide.To you, and to all whoseek the Soul Stone.Okay. You tell us where it is.Then we'll be on our way.If only it were that easy.What you seek liesin front of you......as does what you fear.The stone is down there.For one of you.For the other...In order to take the stone, youmust lose that which you love.An everlasting exchange.A soul, for a soul.How's it going?Jesus...Maybe he's making this shit up.No. I don't think so.Why, 'cause he knowsyour Daddy's name?I didn't.Thanos left here with the stonewithout his daughter.It's not a coincidence.Yeah.Whatever it takes.Whatever it takes.If we don't get that stone,billions of people stay dead.Then I guess we bothknow who it's gotta be.I guess we do.I'm starting to think, we've beendifferent people here, Natasha.For the last five years I've been tryingto do one thing: Get to right here.That's all it's been about.Bringing everybody back.- Oh, don't you get all decent on me now.- What, you think I wanna do it?I'm trying to saveyour life, you idiot.Yeah well, I don't wantyou to, because I...Natasha, you knowwhat I've done.You know what I've become.I don't judge people ontheir worst mistakes.Maybe you should.You didn't.You're a pain in myass, you know that?Okay.You win.Tell my family I love them.You tell them yourself.Damn you!Let me go.No.Please, no.It's okay.Please...Did we get them all?You telling me this'llactually work?Clint, where's Nat?Do we know if she had family?Yeah. Us.What?I just asked him a question...Yeah, you're acting like she's dead.Why are we acting like she's dead?We have the stones, right?As long as we havethe stones, Cap, we can bringher back, isn't that right?So stop this shit. We're theAvengers, get it together.We can't get her back.- Wha- what?- It can't be undone. It can't.I'm sorry. No offense, but you'rea very earthly being. Okay?We're talking about space magic.And "can't" seems very () don't you think?Look, I know that I'm wayoutside my paygrade here.But she still isn'there, is she?- Now that's my point.- It can't be undone.Or that's at least what the,great floating guy had to say.Maybe you wanna go talk to him?Okay?Go grab your hammer, and yougo fly and you talk to him.It was supposed to be me.She sacrificed her life for thatgoddamned stone. She bet her life on it.She's not coming back.We have to make it worth it.We have to.We will.Boom!All right. The glove's ready.Question is, who's gonnasnap their freaking fingers?I'll do it.It's okay.- No, no, no, no. Stop. Stop.- Hey, hey...Thor, just wait.We haven't decided who'sgonna put that on yet.I'm sorry. What, were you just sittingaround waiting for the right opportunity?We should at least discuss it.Look, us sitting here staring at thatthing is not gonna bring everybody back.I'm the strongest Avenger, okay? Sothis responsibility falls upon me.It's my duty. It's not that... It's...stop it! Just let me.Just let me do it. Justlet me do something good.- Something great.- Look...It's not just the fact thatthat glove is channelingenough energy to light up acontinent, I'm telling youyou're in no condition.What do you think is coursingthrough my veins right now?Cheez Whiz?- Lightning.- Yeah.Lightning won't help you, pal.It's gotta be me.You saw what those stones did to Thanos.It almost killed him.None of you could survive.How do we know you will?I don't. But theradiation's mostly gamma.It's like...I was meant for this.Good to go, yeah?Let's do it.You remember everyoneThanos snapped away fiveyears ago and just bringingthem back to now, today.Don't change anythingfrom the last five years.Got it.Friday, do me a favor andactivate protocol 8.Yes, boss.Everybody comes home.- Take it off. Take it off!- No, wait. Bruce, are you okay?Talk to me, Banner.I'm okay. I'm okay.Bruce!Don't move him.- Did it work?- Worth a shot. It's over. It's okay.Honey.Honey.Guys...I think it worked!I can't breathe. I can't breathe!I can't breathe.Canopy. Canopy. Canopy.Rhodey, Rocket, get outta here!Hurry up! Hurry up!Come on!Rhodey!Mayday, mayday! Does anybody copy? We'rein the lower level, it's flooding!- What?- We're drowning! Does anybody copy? Mayday!Wait! I'm here! I'mhere, can you hear me?Cap?Daughter.Yes, Father.So, this is the future.Well done.Thank you, Father. Theysuspected nothing.The arrogant never do.Go.Find the stones.Bring them to me.What will you do?Wait.Tell me something.In the future, whathappens to you and me?I tried to kill you.Several times.But eventually,we become friends.We become sisters.Come on.We can stop him.Come on, buddy. Wake up.That's my man.You lose this again,I'm keeping it.What happened?We messed with time.It tends to mess back.You'll see.What's he been doing?Absolutely nothing.Where are the stones?Lost somewhere under all this.All I know is hedoesn't have them.So we keep it that way.- You know it's a trap, right?- Yeah...I don't much care.Good.Just as long as we'reall in agreement.Let's kill himproperly this time.You could not livewith your own failure.Where did that bring you?Back to me.I thought by eliminatinghalf of life,the other half would thrive.But you've shown me,that's impossible.And as long as there are thosethat remember what was,there will always be those thatare unable to accept what can be.They will resist.Yep. We're allkinds of stubborn.I'm thankful.Because now, I knowwhat I must do.I will shred this universedown to its last atom.And then...With the stones you've collectedfor me, create a new one.Teeming with life,but knows not what it has lostbut only what it has been given.A grateful universe.Born out of blood.They'll never know it.Because you won't bealive to tell them.See you on the other side, man.Hang on! I'm coming!Oh, hey...I know you.Father. I have the stones.What?!Stop.You're betraying us?You don't have to do this.I am... this.No, you're not.You've seen what we become.Nebula, listen to her.You can change.He won't let me.No!Okay, Thor. Hit me.Boss, wake up.I knew it!In all my years of conquest...violence...slaughter...It was never personal.But I'll tell you now...what I'm about to doto your stubborn,annoying little planet...I'm gonna enjoy it.Very, very much.Cap, you hear me?Cap, it's Sam.Can you hear me?On your left.Is that everyone?What, you wanted more?Avengers...... assemble.No, no. Give me that.You have the little one.Hey!Holy cow.You will not believe what's been going on.Do you remember when we were in space?And I got all dusty? I must've passedout, 'cause I woke up, and you were gone.But Doctor Strange was there, right?He was like,"It's been five years.Come on, they need us!"And then he started doing the yellowsparkly thing that he does all the time...What are you doing?This is nice.Gamora?I thought I lost you.Don't... touch... me!You missed the first time...then you got themboth the second time.This is the one? Seriously?The choices were him, or a tree.Cap, what do you want me todo with this damn thing?Get those stones asfar away as possible!No!We need to get them backwhere they came from.No way to get them back. Thanosdestroyed the quantum tunnel.Hold on!That wasn't ouronly time machine.Anyone see an uglybrown van up there?Yes!But you're not gonnalike where it's parked.Scott, how long you needto get that thing working?Maybe ten minutes.Get it started. We'llget the stones to you.We're on it, Cap.Hey.You said one out of 14million, we win, yeah?Tell me this is it.If I tell you whathappens, it won't happen.You better be right.It's a mess back here.It's... it's dead.- What?- It's dead.I have to hotwire it.Where's Nebula?She's not responding.Sire!Clint!Give it to me.You took everything from me.I don't even know who you are.You will.I got it!Activate Instant Kill!Rain fire!But Sire, our troops!Just do it!Is anyone else seeing this?I got this.I got this!Okay, I don't got this.- Help! Somebody, help!- Hey, Queens. Heads up.Hang on. I got you, kid.Hey! Nice to meet---Oh! My God!What the hell is this?Friday, what are they firing at?Something just enteredthe upper atmosphere.Oh, yeah!Danvers, we need an assist here.Hi. I'm Peter Parker.Hey, Peter Parker. Gotsomething for me?I don't know how you'regonna get through all that.Don't worry.She's got help.I am... inevitable.And I...am...... Iron Man.Mr. Stark?Hey...Mr. Stark? Can you hear me?It's Peter.We won.Mr. Stark....We won, Mr. Stark.We won and you did it, sir.You did it.I'm sorry... Tony...- Hey.- Hey, Pep...- Friday?- Life functions critical.Tony.Look at me.We're gonna be okay.You can rest now.Everybody wants ahappy ending, right?But it doesn't alwaysroll that way.Maybe this time.I'm hoping if youplay this back,it's in celebration.I hope families are reunited,I hope we get it back,and something like anormal version of theplanet has been restored.If there ever was such a thing.God, what a world.Universe, now.If you told me ten yearsago that we weren't alone,let alone, you know,to this extent,I mean, I wouldn't have been surprised.But come on, you know?That epic forces of darkness andlight that have come into play.And, for better or worse,that's the reality Morgan's gonnahave to find a way to grow up in.So I found the time and Irecorded a little greeting...In the case of an untimely death.On my part.Not that, death in anytime isn't untimely.This time travel thing that we'regonna try and pull off tomorrow,it's, it's got me scratchingmy head about this.But then again, that's the hero gig.Part of the journey is the end.Everything's gonna work outexactly the way it's supposed to.I love you 3,000.You know, I wishthere was a way...that I could let her know.That we won.We did it.She knows.They both do.How you doing, Squirt?- Good.- You good?- Okay. You hungry?- Mm-hmm.- What do you want?- Cheeseburgers.You know your Dadliked cheeseburgers?I'm gonna get you all thecheeseburgers you want.Okay.So, when can we expect you back?- About that...- Thor. Your people need a king.No, they already have one.That's funny.You're being serious?It's time for me to bewho I am rather thanwho I'm supposed to be.But you, you're a leader.That's who you are.You know I'd make a lotof changes around here.I'm counting on it.Your Majesty.What will you do?I'm not sure.For the first time in athousand years, I...I have no path. I dohave a ride, though.Move it or lose it, hairbag.Well, here we are.Tree! Good to see you.Well...The As-Guardians of theGalaxy back together again.Where to first?Just so you know, this is my ship still.I'm in charge.I know. I know. Ofcourse, you are.Of course.See, you say of course, butthen you touch the map.It makes you think that maybe youdidn't realize I was in charge.Quail, that's your owninsecurities in there. Okay?I'm merely trying to be of service.An assistant.- Quill.- That's what I said.You should fight one anotherfor the honor of leadership.Sounds fair.- It's not necessary.- It's not.Okay?I got some blasters unlessyou guys wanna use knives.Oh, yes. Please, use knives.I am Groot.Not necessary.There shall be noknifing one another.Everybody knows who's in charge.It's me.Yes, you! Of course!Of course. Of course.Remember...You have to return the stones atthe exact moment you got them.Or you're gonna open up a bunchof nasty alternative realities.Don't worry, Bruce.Clip all the branches.You know, I tried.When I had the gauntlet, the stones,I really tried to bring her back.- I miss them, man.- Me, too.You know, if you want,I can come with you.You're a good man, Sam.This one's on me, though.Don't do anything stupid'till I get back.How can I? You're takingall the stupid with you.Gonna miss you, Buddy.It's gonna be okay, Buck.How long is this gonna take?For him? As long as heneeds, For us, five seconds.Ready, Cap?Alright. We'll meetyou back here, okay?You bet.Going quantum. Three..two.. one...And returning in, five,four, three, two, one...Where is he?I don't know. He blew right by histime stamp. He should be here.- Well, get him back.- I'm trying.- Get him the hell back.- I said, I'm trying!Sam.Go ahead.Cap?Hi, Sam.So did something go wrong,or did something go right?Well, after I put thestones back, I thought...Maybe I'll try someof that life Tony was...telling me to get.How did that work out for you?It was beautiful.I'm happy for you. Truly.Thank you.Only thing bumming meout is the fact I haveto live in a worldwithout Captain America.Oh...That reminds me...Try it on.How's it feel?Like it's someone else's.It isn't.Thank you.I'll do my best.That's why it's yours.You wanna tell me about her?No.No, I don't think I will.subbed by: Fuj69Film(iamdepressed69)Jeej FujjuF